everytime she uploads im just glad i get to see that Grandma is well
She's really an amazing woman, Her grandma is lucky to have her by her side.
Já experimentei alguns pratos da culinária oriental, principalmente China e Japão e digo,: Há uma sensibilidade natural no modo de fazer e provar! Gosto muito!!
Parabéns a está bela garota!
this is my first time watching her video, i love how they made this kinda content seriously, with great editing. This is the content we need. Imagine if local content like this were made from all over the world, how beautiful it gonna be.
I love your videos! They are so peaceful and the epitome of what I want someday for my life. I always come back to this one and the year of the pig Chinese New Year! They are two of my favorites (though the newest New Years video was amazing!). Much love from Florida, USA 
23:23 Hermosa elección  Topgirls.Uno de los mejores conciertos 

23:23  Senada: ''Hermoso''
23:23  Megan: ''Hotter''
23:23  Hopi: ''Sweeter''
23:23  Joonie: ''Cooler''
23:23  Yoongi: ''Butter''
23:23  Amor: ''Momentos''
23:23  Alfiora: ''Preety''
23:23  Alana: ''Awesome''

23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente .
I discovered her at 2am and I literally think there is no better channel. Her videos are soothing and educating and Honest content.
In a time where everything is fast and noisy, it's good to get these relaxed vibes and natural sounds, like drops of water, birds :)
Deve ser delicioso 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷 Brasil
Hola desde España: con impaciencia esperaba un nuevo video eres una artista cocinando y haciendo todo me veo reflejada en ti yo también hago los arreglos de la casa del campo y de los animales vivimos en el campo y cuidamos nuestros animales que nos dan de comer. Sigue haciendo videos me gustan muchísimo un abrazo muy fuerte
Eu amo como vc é abilidoza. Isso é um dom especial. Sou Brasileira aqui de Pernambuco Barreiros. Queria cozinha como vc. Uhuuuuuu que cheiro bom. Kkkk
My mom would cook authentic phillipino food every single day without stop, after she lost her battle with cancer about a year ago ive never had the same feeling of just coming home from school to smell the most amazing food ive ever tasted. Your videos brings back these memories, the frying of the food sounds the same in your videos, her tossing the food in the wok, the scrapeing of the metal on the pan, i can even SMELL whats going on through the screen. Your videos saved me from ever forgetting her, your videos helped me out through those dark times, though its not phillipino food, the way you cook is so so so similar to my mom’s. Thank you for that. (Ive also shown these videos to my dad and he also loves them, my entire family is full of cooks so this was a breath of fresh air)
As we can see in the videos, the background of the forest, farms, yards, cooking stoves and utensils are real. In the past especially for the Chinese people  our ancestors work hard on every inch of lands they have. They make use of everything that nature provides to them. Generation by generations the land grew flourish. This final generation from baby boomers era (like the grandma) likely the last of their kind, because due to the changes of modern and tech/gadjets world. Not many still living up the life just like showed in the video because the generation X,Y and Z are working and living in cities to find income and mostly leaving the old man/woman at their village. In the end leaving the lands and farms unattended (because grandpa/grandma are already old to work and care the lands).
Most end up selling their land and the money the new generation get were invested in businesses, building or renovating house in the cities or in another country, etc. 
As you saw in the video, you can see herbs, clean ponds and rivers, varieties of vegetations, animals like birds, chicken, duck,  are well taken care of. These are their daily source of food because there are no supermarket nearby where you can buy from there. Thus, why need to buy if you can get it fresh from your own farm? Chinese are particular in what they eat (diets and healthy) so they grew herbs, vegetables and live stocks. That is how the baby boomers generation survived along the years away from town or cities. 
The beautiful lady is one of the most impressive grandchild in her family. Not just beautiful but also hardworking, diligent, caring and humble because she still carry on her family's tradition and the lands. She learns all sorts of cooking, fermenting, recipes could be mostly from her grandparents which is oustanding. 
I too once lived like hers until i was 19 years old and i loves everything just like hers until my grandma passed away and the land was sold by my uncle that year. 
The memories I had never perish. I still remember the smell in the morning when I'm standing in the middle of the farm, the morning dewdrops on the leaves and grasses, the sounds of birds and water flowing in the small river, the bamboo forests in the evening like golden, chasing gooses, collecting the chicken eggs, collecting the sap from rubber trees, the soothing cold wind on the pepper farm hills, catching grasshoppers among the grasses, catching fireflies at night, the smell of firewood burning while boiling hot water, the food that my grandma used to cooked, my cousin shouting from afar teasing me while plucking potatoes from the ground, etc. I misses all that when I watched the video. 
I did went back to the village a few years ago but it wasnt the same anymore and the place changed alot and the farm wasnt like it used to be like. The peaceful life that I missed.
It looks very satisfying that everything is available in the garden or to say farm.The way of cooking ,doing things are so nice...And also gave me lots of tips
I want to live with her for 2 years and learn the art of her cooking. Perhaps just live there forever
This is another incredibly good, brilliant, beautiful, and INSPIRING video from Ms. Liziqi (who is also beautiful, hardworking, and brilliant.).  We over here in Los Angeles, love your videos so much.  The videos are also very therapeutic, soothing, and relaxing.  Thank you so much for sharing all your videos, and for all your hard work. 
So much love goes into her food. Watching her and mom relaxing makes me feel good. I want to visit.
I love the way when she finish cooking her grandmother comes out to enjoy the meal. Her grandmother is a star!
Que lugar lindo️🇧🇷
Grandma is so lucky! She is eating good food made with lots of love!
Watching her videos have become my stress reliever from the crowded and busy city. It’s so peaceful and makes me love nature even more! ️
this is my first time watching her video, i love how they made this kinda content seriously, with great editing. This is the content we need. Imagine if local content like this were made from all over the world, how beautiful it gonna be.
Thank you liziqi. 
Whenever I've had a tiresome workday... I lied down getting to watch ur videos which soothes me and my mind n gives me a pleasing rest well. 
Maravilloso esta forma de vivir y comer , seria genial traducir todo , y saber los ingredientes
Its so nice to watch this kind of videos, because this pandemic limits us to travel places, but because of your video i have the luxury to see your place in my own home and this makes me learn something from your beautiful culture!
And most specially thank you for inspiring me to create countryside life content, love from the Philippine countryside ️🇵🇭
My mom loves to cook bamboo shoot too. And we cook it along with tempeh and coconut milk (we called it santan) and belinjo leaf (idk the english name) and i really love it, ive tried cook bamboo shoot with beef but the bamboo shoot turn out a lil bit bitter LOL
Give this lady a Netflix Show already.
Liziqi and Dianxi are seriously living my true life dream of living off the land in the countryside making food for the family everyday with wild natural ingredients or plants/livestock I planted and raised from the start. I wish there were areas that are as abundant with farm land and wild edibles as their countryside but I live Southern California where the only thing in the wilderness is dead grass and mountain lions lol  there are a lot of squirrels rabbits and skunks for a source of meat but I wouldn’t be able to grow or pick any of the amazing types of fruits and vegetables they have in their videos
Luosifen！! As a Chinese living abroad, sometimes I want to eat a bowl of Luosifen. I love the Liziqi video.She advertised China to the world on video. Thank her. Look forward to her other videos.
You're so hardworking and beautiful, I love the simplicity. Also you're a great cook, I would really like to learn some of your recipes 
Luosifen is life it’s so good. I keep buying the instant luosifen packs ever since I first tried it. I wish I can actually go to a authentic Chinese luosifen restaurant and try the fresh made ones
Liziqi is a soothing content creator who wants to share traditional Chinese culture. She does most of the work herself in her videos with some help from friends, relatives and neighbors, but she does the final editing of the videos.
1 million views in only 7 hours. I feel so proud of her and I am so happy to see her account grow so much here outside of China.
Excelentes comidas excelente paisaje y excelente mujer felicidades 
I just amazed by how she use all the leaves vines ect as packing of food or rope while me struggling going to barware store or supermarket to buy so many plastic products......   Liziqi really inspired me so much during this pendemic and we decided to find a house with big land to sort of creat a dimension like her home. It's touching me everytime when she show me the skills and wisdom of how to deal with nature. Also I feel sorry that my grandparents are no longer able to pass on me their knowledge of how to use bamboo and traditional local dishes......  all of the short stay in rural area are shining memories to me.
Amo esses vídeos! Beijos brasileiros!!
Congratulations! Your videos remember me of my lovely childhood in the countryside and my grandma's awesome cooking!! Furthermore, your videos have an eerie aesthetic. They seem etxtracts from a film! May I ask which camera do you use? By the way, which editing programme do you use?
Tudo parece muito gostoso.
I always love your videos! Soothing to the spirit. I wish you had the recipes in English. I want to make them so bad! Maybe you can create a cookbook and publish it in various languages. Living near Seattle, Washington in the United States, I know I could find all the ingredients in our International District. Thank you so much for sharing one aspect of your beautiful life with us. ️
I feel so attracted to this lifestyle as if it’s how humans are naturally supposed to live
I love seeing Grandma chilling out on the shaded swing. Every elderly person should have that opportunity for rest after a long life. And have lovely well prepared meals for them. 
Hi Lizipi .. I am in love with your cooking ... you enjoy everything ... the leaves and roots ... the stalks the barks .. you don’t throw anything away ... I am loving and learning a lot from your videos .. .you .
This is what you gotta watch when you’re feeling lazy about which drive through to go to for lunch, THEN, end up going to the supermarket and buying things to cook, THEN, feeling like you did something great by cooking, THEN, realizing you still really didn’t and how you have it so well off in comparison to what others do to make a meal, THEN, AND FINALLY THEN, you actually realize you’re NOT that well off since no matter how much easier it is to get things as quickly and easy as you do, this person here has so much more skills and rewards of feeling the feeling she must feel on a daily basis from always learning, doing and providing for her Family, in THIS way. AMAZING!!! My goodness 
That food looks so delicious and she makes it look so easy to cook! But I could never do that here in the U.S.
Siempre te veo me gusta mas que todo ver como comen las yerbas que ni nos sabia que se comen bendiciones ala chinita un abrazo desde Santiago de Chile 🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇵🇪
She can cook all my meals....wow she makes cooking look beautiful. ..a work of art
The best part about all of these videos is that every single piece of food and every single ingredient is 100% fresh, healthy, and pesticide/steroid free. I envy that the most of all, to be honest.
To be honest, I love watching her videos. I believe that she worked hard for it and every single bit of her works proved it. While scrolling through the comments, I saw a lot of malicious comments criticizing her. I mean, I know most people wouldn’t know whether this is true or not. But you can at least support her for this beautiful video? Well maybe if you hate to support then don’t watch it. I love watching her videos and that is it for me. Writing such awful comments made me think of how cruel can a mouth/mind be? Please, she never disturbs any of you. So please, don’t hurt her.
She's really amazing. Uses each and every thing fully and never wastes anything. Hats off to you ma'am 
Обожаю этот канал! Девушка просто невероятная! Я ею восхищаюсь!!!
每次看到子柒的視頻心裡就覺得很平靜.....這就是她獨特的魅力吧
She's really amazing.. i love all of her videos & always support this channel 
Watching your videos calm my soul. You always show me that nature provides and it's up to us on how we can use it efficiently. 
Watching your videos motivate me so much to do anything! It just make me want to do activities and not to be lazy
Liziqi você é incrível !
I suddenly remember my mom, she loves eating river snails. We would always go to the river to catch snails every Sunday for her. Nice video 
La niña más linda y hermosa su creatividad no tiene límites inteligente y trabajadora y hermosa una rara combinación
I didn’t even know bamboo was edible! Wow! 
I love watching her cook what is grown on their farm, everything is totally fresh and organic and probably tastes fantastic! 
She’s one of the most amazing and talented girl I’ve ever seen on YouTube.. she fed not only her granny but the soul of every viewers.. this is immortality I want to live in that place ️️  i wish more power and strength for u and granny..️
Belo prato de refeição,
I notice you always do more then one meal for every video, and always keep me enjoying them. No doubt you are absolutely the best. 
Not only are her videos tranquilizing to the point of transcendence, you learn a lot, too.
Спасибо авторам  и создателям канала. Интересно ВСЕ —природа, уклад жизни, одежда, посуда , кулинария. Очень, очень интересно. Еще раз СПАСИБО!!!
Классный у неё огород:)
И все так аппетитно выглядит, ей пора ресторан открыть.
Se ve delicioso  pero si traducirán lo que le pone a los alimentos sería mejor 
Boa comida  fico delicioso
We Northeast Indians can relate to your content on another level. The simple yet sustainable lifestyle is the way to go. Lots of love to you. 
Eu comir uma vez salada de broto de bambú!!! delicioso 
Olá  sou brasileira  e gosto muito do seu canal mas gostaria muito de entender o que você está fazendo ,o nome dos alimentos ,acho incrível como você  faz tudo como se fosse arte
Hey Lyzi! Stop being so awesome  no one can’t get close to your level right now lol every time watching your video I have to find me something to eat your food look so delicious  ️
In some places in the Philippines, this bamboo shoots are called Dabung or Labung to some while in Indonesia where i lived for almost 3years they call their bamboo shoots Rebung. Most other countries in asia also cook this bcos its highly nutritious and one can really experiment with this bamboo shoot as a main ingredient.
Comida chinesa parace gostosa parabéns 🇧🇷
3 new videos in a week? 
Wow!! I feel like I got a big diamond's ring....
Thank you so much for you, grandma and your team's hard work,  LiZiQi....
Can't wait for another new video,  because your videos always amazed me.
Lots  of love from Indonesia 

I love how eco friendly her videos are <3
I like n fall in love with Chinese cuisine,,not including pork,
N the costume in ancient times is really beautiful,, with all the herbs is really nice,, I hope in indonesia  there are many more like that,, cos I really love n I miss it
I love Liziqi Channel her cooking videos really amazing
Liqizi deseandote un feliz cumpleaños que pases bonito en compañia de tu abuelita y de tus amistades, eres una chica muy linda, algun dia viaje para conocer te, solo deseo que pases un dia muy hermosa y deseandote un largo  vida, chauuuu 
Please leave the descriptions on a few seconds longer to read.  I love watching her.  As life should be.  Thank you
Why are there 10k dislikes ..like people her videos are extremely aesthetic and calming and a lot of effort is required for these videos and she's feeding her grandma and giving us amazing content. Why would you dislike this :(
Классные видео,уюта и тепла вашему дому!
I like how all the utensils she uses are eco friendy as well as her ingredients!
Thanks for explaining what you cooked! It looks amazing!
..as a chef I always love using fresh ingredients! and enjoy putting smiles on my customers faces is the best thing..love your videos I wish you gud health and keep them videos coming.
que rico se alimentan deberias de darnos recetas como para preservar alimentos para 5 años
This woman is amazing. Thank you for such an artistic treasure. Your director/cameraman has a true talent!
amo ela 
Dear Miss Lizqi , The bamboo forest looks wonderful , There is always true beauty captured in every amazing video that you make. I wish you mighty blessing to you and your loving grandmother. Please continue to share your vast wisdom with us all around the world. The videos you make are truly priceless , The love , the beauty  and the healthy life style that you promote is amazing indeed. You help many people to find peace , joy and true releif from the hardships of this life. Thanks Miss Lizqi for you are a wonderful gift to us all. may God bless your videos  always. Your friend from Canada!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What's  good about her, in her vedios, she cooked what she planted. Everything is in her yard, so amazing!
rất yêu mến chị, con người chất phác và cảnh vật hữu tình nơi quê hương của chị ^^
Đây là lần đầu tôi xem video của bạn.bạn rất xinh và còn nấu ăn rất giỏi,làng quê yên bình,không khí trong lành,thật tuyệt vời
I have never tried this dish but I already know it's my favourite food - can anybody else relate?
I wish I could have this kind of life. I once lived in a place like this growing up and miss it.
She has an unconditional love for her grandmother, taking care of her and feeding her with healthy nutritious home cooking !
Seems like I was in a dream for a moment. This background, her yard, flowers, jungle & specially she heals me up 
watching her cooking while eating was so satisfying, my ordinary food become delicious because what? we shud appreciate what nature gave us to eat.
Such soothing simplicity!  True art in the process of living.  Thank You
Eating so healthy and fresh.  I wish I could eat that good!
There are so many of these in my area and they are delicious for everyday food
Today is August 21, 2019 exactly two years since this Channel was established. CONGRATULATIONS LIZIQI, Our dear princess. HAPPY 2ND YEAR ANNIVERSARY, WE WISH YOU MORE YEARS OF SUCCESS AND HAPPINES 
everytime she uploads im just glad i get to see that Grandma is well also
nature, colors, fruits, clothes, your grandmother and of course you How everything is so perfect
Very delicious vegetables ... and cooked by a perfect woman
Почему нет субтитров? Очень хочется понимать из чего и как она готовит и какие специи добавляет! А то приходится догадываться :(
i highly recommend eating stir fried long beans they taste so good
Lizigi,,,eres admirable....me volvi tu seguidora fiel. Gracias por tu ejemplo de vida en el campo
Ước gì đc 1 lần chiêm ngưỡng phong cảnh & trải nghiệm đời thực cùng nữ Youtuber. Cam ơn cô đã đống góp những khoản khoắt chân thật của miền nông thôn yên bình. Tôi la người việt va tôi rất ngưỡng mộ cô.chúc cô nhìu sức khỏe nhìu thành công hơn nữa trong cuộc sống lẫn công việc của mình..... 
How she does so many things in one day is beyond me. She's just amazing.
What I like the most about Ziqi's videos: 1. she is so pretty and pleasant to look at; 2. the food looks so beautiful; 3. the countryside, the environment... everything in her videos, from the person to the environment, are just so beautiful and pure. I am glad that there are no men in her videos except the occasional appearance of the camera man.
All of videos in this channel always catch my eyes every second of that.....

Wonderful creation...
i'm actually more amazed that there is so much land to have a lifestyle like that. in this day and age to have that much land isn't easy.
我還真的買回來吃了~是我吃過最好吃的版本因為偏酸~個人好愛偏酸的口味~謝謝小仙女
Чудесная девушка️
This channel beats anything they're showing on Food Network in the states.
Me encanta ver la magia que hace con la naturaleza
I love your cooking.awesome cook.love the beauty of the country side.so beautiful.
Not an once of hesitation in her moves..
It's fluid, no interruption, one task after another in a single continuity... I feel like watching wushu practice.
This is mastery... in the art of Life.
Very impressive.
Shie shie sifu Liziqi 
Это просто великолепно!!! Спасибо мой друг!!! 
Estoy pensando seriamente en hacer algo en los espacios vacios de mi casaveo estos videos y digo como se despercia Espacios Tierra Maravillada de lo que tenemos y no nos damos cuenta
No cooking channel or modern chefs are as good as she. She's an angel from heaven.
Me encantaría vivir en un lugar así. No cocinar xq no mg pero vivir ahi si. Que hermoso!!!
This is the only channel that I eagerly look forward to watching. So much hard work done by her and her crew,  thanks.
Muy rico todo 
Your foods are awesome ️
I love seeing Granny happy and healthy.  
I really love this food 
Я просто поражена сколько всего может знать один человек 
I really love your channel and what you do. I finally found a channel with no hate comments . Who could any one not like this. I actually started a garden because of you . Thank you so much for the inspiration️️
I've been watching her channel for a long time, I have to say it's very good. I wish you good health.
Lo puedes poner subtítulos en español  latino gracias....desde ESPAÑA junto al mar Mediterraneo..

Liziqi is like Mulan in the millennium. Living in the village in a simple way to maintain the beauty of traditional values. Keep on inspiring. greetings of success from us lovers of #seblaqs (Sukabumi, sept 2021)
I almost came down to tears after watching this.. maybe we all are so trapped in city life that we almost forgot what staying close to nature is
It's a elegant and gorgeous lady
The scenes of the videos are so amazing and incredible
Really like the country side's life and the hard working lady you are 
Thanks for your sharing
Why is this so damn calming  this is so relaxing to watch ️
Îmi place foarte mult cum gataste, foarte curat diversificat, și se pare foarte gustos!
Lindo demais
Please update more videos...  I'm so addicted to you and your videos.... I watched repeat and repeat
The natural scenery & traditional Chinese music, relaxing.
Cant wait to go back to our hometown and have this kind of life too. I miss home!
She has been through a lot and seeing her living the life she enjoys and makes her very happy is such a blessing
Amazing, lovely spicy  noodle! Yummy  and l love  this beautiful garden!
I bet her life is so peaceful...and yet again she is a huge role model for all of us in this materialistic world
...
PROUD OF HER... I thank YouTube for recommending this channel to me.......
Its really great....
7:58 the plant at the front came to western Australia and was considered a weed, I looked it up and read that it's edible and very nutrtitious
Amo assistir essas moças
nunca de postar seu videos sao lindos,adoro natureza.
Me encanta tus vídeos liziqi
I was quite surprised with the words she used in the Vietnamese subtitles
I like it and this video , It's nice
Everything she has is reusable or can be given back to the earth. I love this channel. It's everything we can only dream for the world to be.
All her videos remind me my childhood. Very peaceful ver organic which the life should be.
It’s really natural & pure with healthy weather..
My childhood was like this scene..
Love your video! You've brought vigor and energy to me.
Wonderful nature, i really miss my childhood memories in the village
I want this type of lifestyle ..I love it..
An interesting observation: many western families grow beautiful flowers in their gardens, but in a Chinese garden you are much more likely to see a great variety of vegetables such as peppers, tomatoes, eggplants, etc: just enough to supply a small family. They are as colorful and pretty. I believe such style reflects certain aspects of Chinese culture and philosophy of life. Grown up in China, I have always been pursuing a quiet, peaceful and self-sufficient life. And I found it in this film.
Я бы уже согнулась от переутомления….но так хочется туда попасть, пожить сколько смогу))) и что бы стать выносливей и знать как все это делается
Stir fried bamboo shoot with chicken gizzard and liver. My favourite childhood dish 
Looks delicious ️
子柒妳好棒啊！好喜歡妳的作品
Son unos de los TOPGIRLS.Uno

Sun: ''Hotter'' 
Sugar: ''Sweeter'' 
Joonie: ''Cooler'' 
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 

Son unos de los mejores conciertos.#垃圾
Her backyard is literally the entire farmers market. Yet even better! I want to meet her so she can teach me.
this is no mere mortal, this is an elf ! So magical and so beautiful ! I am in love with these videos !
The grandma is lucky to have a grandchild like her.
I like your environment. And you always cooking many dishes but these are all natural. And you're a hard working girl.
Me gusta ver lo que usas para cosinar es importante 
Những món ăn dân giã ,qua đôi tay khéo léo của cô ấy làm ra thật tuyệt vời
Хочу попробовать эти необычные блюда, особенно улиток и портулак
Обожаю её ️
I think this is what we call "inner peace" - all of us, literally, are desperately pursuing some kind of life like this. It is escapism but not 100 percent, as it is more positive. Really really nice, heart-warming video. Thank you.
Suka sekali sama kehidupan yg dishare,seperti masih alami,apa apa dari alam,,,kerennn,,
Life is beautiful n peaceful when we connect with nature.. so relaxing..
looks so good, just makes me hungry.  it's accompanied by rice must be delicious. And the place is still natural.
我真的很喜欢你所有的视频。
这座山上的风景是如此美丽，平静和凉爽。所有这些视频都展现出一种真诚，感激和简单的感觉。
You doing a remarkable job and there are some similarities to your way of life here in Morocco but we do things slightly different
I can imagine why people love her videos. They are satisfying.
Esta súper delicioso
Que fofu 
Mantap, kreatif,dan kelihatan enak, terimakasih bunda  
I watched this like 3x already and still not tired of it. I wonder if she made those jars too and her knife and her kitchen. 
And I miss the talent
I miss the creativity
I miss the simplicity 
I miss the hard work
I miss the newness
I miss the beauty
I miss the love
I miss the real life
I miss the simple cooking
I miss the weather 
I miss liziqui and grand mom
Thank you for your hard work and effort to make us happy, love you️
I grew up living like this and let me tell you, it IS hard...I don't know how the heck she makes it look glamorous 
I love the way she made this video - no talking, but let the sounds fulfill screen
She is phenomenal girl. Nice, gentle , strong, industries. She can do everything!!  I love her very much. 
So nice to see u nourishing grandma with food and love
I am surprised, becoz pickle made of bamboo shoots is an Assamese traditional cuisine (Indian) . We call it 'gaaz khorisa ' in Assamese 
許多人爭先恐後的模仿妳的視頻，但是妳那股仙氣般的氣質是別人模仿不來的，繼續支持妳及仙境一般的世界！
I love seeing Grandma chilling out on the shaded swing.great
This has to be some of the most wholesome content I have seen in my life.
Saludo mi amiga que maravillosos videos me deleito mirándolo y en verdad sé que usted es china no sé porque la confunden Y por qué le cambia su nacionalidad gracias por tan maravilloso videos
highly skilled video creators. their works remind me of human way of lives across the world in 17 to 18 centuries
Reminds me of grandmas pickled bamboo shoot (˶˙ᵕ˙˶)
In tripura we used to talk in kokborok and we called it "muya" you can also cook with baking soda istead if using oil and it tastes so good
Hope can see he cook again on new recepis 
As a European, I have never had the tangent with the specific food  to the area you are from, what you cook, I call healthy food, all kinds of nutrients and vitamins etc, exactly what the body needs. I really like your lifestyle, even if you do not show it all, but seeing from the big perspective you lead a healthy life, we should take an example from you. greetings from Romania :)
ايش اقول يعجز الكلام عن وصف هذا المحتوى . جمال الطبيعة والاستفادة من خيرات الأرض وجمال التصوير والإخراج  . ونفس الطبخ  شي شي خيال متعه بصريه ونفسية  شكراً 
When i see how rich your life is i can't imagine why people would go to town. Your surrendings are stunning and what you're able to do is incredible.
Looks so yummy  Love from India
She is so talented and work so quitly , appreciate her talent 
Nhìn mà chảy cả nước miếng
Ngon quá
I love the sounds of running water, chopping, snapping of beans. Scrubbing of shells, sizzling, steaming!!!
que divina es tu cultura!
The most amazing are her beautiful hands, impossible to believe that she performs so much labor. First of all it tells that she has a perfect control of her very skillful hands, correct grip of every tool, perfect coordination and rhythm, accuracy, experience. My farther was also that way: he was an amateur carpenter, a gardener, an artist,  he could fix anything and yet I don't remember a single bristle, a cut of injury to his hands: they were handsome, strong always implacably clean hands of a man and a Creator.
Facherito tu vídeo 
In every video I learn so much things nd amazed by her skills awesome
Omg 15,6tr subscribe thật là ngưỡng mộ kênh Youtube nước bạn china
Chinese black fungus! So jealous! You make beautiful and relaxing videos ️
Muy raro para mí esos métodos de cosina pero bueno mis ganas de probarlo están al 100%
This is my first time watching her videos,  and I must say, it's very inspiring and how lucky she is to have those wonderful ingredients within reach, or so.
My first try with luosifen wasn't pleasant due to the strong scent. Months later I tried again and I got hooked. But I can only purchase the instant package from the store and that's not good to consume frequently. I wish I could try the real one soon.
人間仙境，拍的令人攝受，看了還想再看，光看都聞到香味似的，瞬間也沒了煩腦。謝謝妳！
由無變有，辛苦勞動後得來的成果，誰能聚你當老婆真是十分的幸福哦！
01:20 such a beautiful shot! 
Being surrounded by plants, how fresh the oxygen can be? 

I wonder about these people who disliked, she doesn't even say anything to the camera. Just leave her alone. lol
I love your beautiful Videos,your talent cooking.Thank your director and brillant camera mann. all Amazing!!!
She is a life artist, she make picking vegetable, cooking , so graceful and peaceful. Present it so well. Love to watch her video.
Everything she does makes me want to live in China...and I've never lived anywhere but my hometown. 
это просто так комфортно смотреть , прямо раслабон, спс что есть аткие видео)
想問問幾時再有新片？真的好好睇！ 
Who else is vegan but love watching her cook recipes?
Terimakasih ka liziqi sudah membuat video yang sangat menenangkan diri
Bamboo shoot is also one of the most popular vegetables in Northeast India. We farment or dry it and cook it with pork.
Shes has the calmest videos so relaxing
the real question is when shes gonna drop a cookbook! every time i watch a video, i have to leave and cook something bc everything she makes looks DELICIOUS and it makes me hungry lmao
I was often busy or engaged in other things! 
Yet, whenener I come here, it is so soothing and calm!
Thanks Ziqi...
Que rico parece todo!!!
Traduce en español yo veo tu programa en mi tv me gusta la inteligencia y es bien limpia para cocinar asi soy yo traducelo
日本語の解説まで入れてくださってわかりやすい。ありがとうございます！田螺は日本でも昔は煮たりして食べたそうですが、最近は見ることの無い貴重な食材になりました。
雖然是行銷公司包裝的影片，但拍出道地農村情，拍出我們內心的渴望
It’s quite ironic how it is so relaxing to watch someone being busy working hard... and how we are enjoying watching natural life style with our phones...
Desde Ecuador  saludos.
Una pregunta porque le ponen en esos jarrones con agua esos productos que no se como se llaman y que le ponen en esa agua.
 Me interesa saber 
Gracias por su contestacion
Semoga nenek selalu di beri kesehatan dan panjang umur 
Could you please tell me if any of the locals are collecting Bamboo seeds? I would like to grow it in our country.
Indonisian: In Indonesia, we call this bamboo root as rebung. we process it into various dishes, the taste wonderful.
Korean: It's our food. We dont''t want other people to cook it.
너무 맛있어 보여요 입에 침이 고이네요 ㅎㅎ
I just wish that she would invite me over for lunch some day! She is the master of natural foraging & cooking & always takes care of Grandma! Gotta love this woman....
Te me habías perdido y batalle para encontrarte, me encantan tus vídeos  los aprecio y disfruto mucho me relajan.
Bamboo is such a strong tree. My sister has them growing in her backyard...in Alabama 
Beautiful cooking ️️
A pretty show of how to cook in a peculiar way,using peculiar utensils and having strange and pretty recipes in mind!!!!!
Grandma makes me very happy!
️
I just love Asian food. Last year I visited the Philippines for 3 weeks. My next stop will definitely will be Japan, China or Korea. Asian people are so friendly and kind.
Oiee gosto seus vidios  e de olha vc cozinhando
Nothing better than to wake up on a Sunday morning here in England & see Li Ziqi..;-))
In Nepal, we call that bamboo root as Tama. It is sour plus has a very good fragrance. Here is a superstition that Tama shouldn't be cut by the people having children as it is said that Cutting the Tama  is like killing your son or daughter. So, only people who doesn't have child could cut them!
It would be nice to list ingredients and there benefits..love the dog n kitty's
i just cant believe that is her house its soooo beautiful its like a dream

Em gái thật DAM DANG,làm đúng món ngon anh thích,mãi đỉnh 
trong video có phiên dịch ra tiếng việt thật tuyệt khi được xem video của bạn.
Relaxing Sunday and her soothing peace giving video.
No other combination is so good.
Every food she cook looks so delicious but as a Filipino I can't eat without rice.
I want my life to be this peaceful
Just one word : amazing
看著婆婆盪鞦韆，心裏就安慰！李子柒真孝順！
Hermoso     
李子柒~總是給人總清新脫俗，傳統中國女性的美。能幹了不起的形象!!  
請李小姐繼續加油!!  做更多更多優質純樸的中國風視頻，來教育更多人~  感謝有妳的付出!!
It feels good to watch your videos. I wish you more success. Good luck. Thank you very much 
I’ve never  imagined bamboo can be eaten  it was satisfying 
The way you  cook yummy  foods from scratch and the way you  eat making of  my mouth too much water dripping now.
These videos are amazing. I would give anything for a woman like her.
Delicious!! Just a little bit of everything to make it perfect ;)
The sounds, the visuals... everything seems so peaceful! I wish I could spend a month there just to detox and get back close with nature.
Thanks for your efforts 
More than 500K views in 4 hours .... Wow! Her following is very huge, but understandable coz her video indeed are very good. Keep it up... Liziqi.
She is very hard working lady . ️️
Food looks so yummy!
Assistindo aqui do Brazil 
That looks just scrumptious!
You made my day ️ love from nepal ️
I find myself watching this channel every Sunday afternoon...so relaxing
好喜欢吃螺蛳粉
Bagus banget pingin punya rumah yang suasananya sesejuk itu,damai...keliatannya
Love to eat this..the best is just steam & deep in the peanut (salt)
Beautiful  thank you for your vidéos 
You make life seem beautiful thank you for your inspiration
I would so love to live with that family for a year! What a learning experience of a lifetime.
Her life like a dreamland.. So amazing !!
:) I love it. She’s beautiful and has amazing drive. Watching her keeps me motivated
That Is Called Meakri In My Language and it is delicious if mixed with Meat
Oh my god! Amazing!
Honestly the part when she soak her feet in the water before picking the snails up,  got me cracking 
I miss her videos so much,I'm binge watching all her older videos.

Take care everyone! Stay at home, drink water and take vitamin c!
If I didn't keep snails as pets, this video would be perfect lol. Can't wait to see more lovely relaxing vids, just snail free! XD
Am I only one feel cooking a real Chinese traditional food is complicated like alchemy. lol
你好，谢谢你的视频！不过我有个温馨提示：现在越来越多的人注重环保、重视生态。螺丝是维持水生态环境的功臣，曾经的太湖蓝藻事件就是因螺丝被大量捕食，使生态环境失去平衡。因此希望少量的捕捞螺丝，千万别大量的捕捞。多谢！️
Amazing channel ️
How life is supposed to be: peaceful, graceful and full of light. God Bless you!
When I watching your video I feel relaxed 
i feel chill, when watching this video, the kind of feeling when encounter some great art or great moment in life.
I can't not picture how tired she is at the end of the day, after doing all of that. Cooking, collecting, Maintaining, it's amazing! I hope she rests well.
Sy suka nonton ini ,mohon ada penjelasanya spy ngerti bikin n bumbu nya apa aja ,biar kami bisa nyoba 
看李子柒的视频，能感觉到大自然的独特魅力，心情非常好，是一种心旷神怡的享受！
I  LOVE  YOUR  BEAUTIFUL  HEART  THE  RESPECT  AND  GOODNESS   YOU  GIVE  TO  YOUR  GRANDMA
YOU  ARE  BEAUTIFUL  GIRL  
What a busy girl and the meals are so fresh and healthy.
Woah love the surrounding environment
All green and i like your kitchen garden too
She's the queen of being industrious. Such a resourceful woman
I wish I can a meal with my grandmother one last time like this!!!
But she along with the gods!!
A superb cameraman. Breathtaking views an every angle
Que vida natural
So admired way of living peaceful life with ur unique way
Food to eat are most getting entrance to stay in family time 
Hello,I'm from VietNam,my grandfather often watch your videos and he very like it. He said : " You very beautiful and you cook very well" .He wishes he had a peaceful life like you . Love you
Những lúc mệt mỏi với những áp lực của cuộc sống  chỉ muốn xem những video như này cảm thấy bình yên nhẹ nhàn vô cùng
honestly i’m glad i got an ad, she deserves to be monetized
Me gusta mucho todo lo que  haces ..muy agradecida me distraigo mucho .. vales y lo haces muy bien....desde ESPAÑA junto al mar Mediterraneo..
...всем здравия.....очень красивая природа....
당신은 콘텐츠를 만들게되어 기쁩니다 
In Nepal 🇳🇵 we called it 'Tama ' favorite dish ️
Bamboo shoots. in Indonesia it's called Rebung 
This is the best channel to introduce Chinese culture. I love to learn Chinese culture from here.
I don't really know why there are thousands of people who made to dislikes this video. Liziqi share us such a natural lifestyle.
She is so hard work 
耐心是和平的關鍵，讓它在外面聽起來很吵，最重要的是你沒有創造它，耐心點，李子柒。
OMG!! CONGRATS ON 15 MILL SUBS!!
I really hope Liziqi is doing well. we miss you.
Imagine a world like this,  no  plastic no msg no adulteration  full of green and nature providing everything for us
Now this is a real woman!! Much love and respect!
Beautiful. This is the best youtube video I've ever seen. I would so love to be there and join.
When I watch your video's I feel relax love from bangladesh 
Why do I just sob when I watch this? I want this life so bad. Never thought I would be so sick of technology.
ilove the videos of liziqi️️what is the title of the 1st  background music?
I am watching her videos in quarantine days.. when I watch her videos I just forget what happening out side and my mind fill with peace..
Amo vê lá maravilha
BTW seeing them live happily in nature make me realize that life is not just about fancy things such as expensive phone, car, make-up and aesthetic IG feeds or followers. Life is all about how you live comfy and enjoy every breath without anyone distraction.
I watched every video again and again....so satisfying
What a wonderful world ! 
It’s quite ironic how it is so relaxing to watch someone being busy working hard... and how we are enjoying watching natural life style with our phones
Liziqi, kamu gadis yang sangat cantik, pandai, rajin bekerja kamulah gadis idaman banyak orang ️️
among the wonderful things you do, thank you for posting to the world. beautiful.
Im glad she was able to make this video. Luosifen is one of the most memorable chinese dish for me... TnT Smelly yet delish
Luar biasa keterampilannya.
Ia sangat professional. Ia master chef jempolan.
I watch, I drool !!! 
i just hope in my province we have lot of resources and materials just like in the video
Always excited to see life stories that make you calm
Cuộc sống tôi thích ️🇻🇳🇨🇳
Here I am stressed about trivial things and she’s out here living life the way humans have for centuries
She can doing anything incredible
What a pretty hardworking girl. She is also very good at cooking. A dream woman, right?
A more satisfying and meaningful life than sitting in traffic two hours a day to go to a boring job
Alguém brasileiro? Akakkakaka Adoro os vídeos dela
If there is really a language in the world that can be understood regardless of time and space, regardless of race and regardless of national boundaries, there is no doubt that it is music. Zhou Qiang Music is committed to creating a channel for music dissemination and music exchange, to deliver the sound of true beauty to the world. If it appeals to you, please subscribe to our channel and leave positive comments. We will update our works from time to time, may the world be peaceful, may your world be full of laughter and song.
hi to all who's reading this, please continue supporting her. she's a very hardworking person so please do avoid skipping ads and continue commenting for engagement and for her videos to be seen on a bigger audience.
Amazing cinematography. Clear concept. Some1 is thinking outside the box!!
I would like to say one thing, you have a best cameraman. One like to cameraman 
Love this video ️️
This is the kind of woman I dream to be 
Omg it looks so yummy
好厨艺看了你的视频就想吃
I shouldn’t have watched too much of Discovery channel whole life.. First thing in my mind when i watched her in forest “ what if there is a green viper camouflaged ”
I admire this girl because she’s at good farmer and cooking and she takes care of her Grandmother very well,god bless you girl.
In this video, at the end when grandma and zizi are eating, I realized she didn’t share the pot of river snail noddles with grandma!!!! LOL   she ate it all, the put the clay pot by her and ate it, when grandma reached out for some, got none and zizi gave her an egg!!!!!!!!! Poor grandma didn’t get any of the soup!
Hello Liziqi, how are you? Been missing you for the whole 5 months now. We hope you're doing okay.
美味しそう^_^
Watching your videos, and not getting bored
Grabe, buhay walang gadyet.  Amazing!
That bamboo shoot we call it "Labong" here in philippines.  It's yummy when you cook it with coconut milk 
I love your videos!
We would all like to see more Liziqi  videos. I have seen her earlier videos when she had to do the whole video by herself. She is hard working and talented. Those who are skeptical about her abilities should spend time with her. I admire her.
Greetings from the U.S.A.
Watching you doing this, feels like living in genshin impact
I feel like everything I know about life is wrong. This is what life supposed to look like!
Looks delicious
Even some dishes aren’t look like delicious I’m still watching. I love how she cook.
li ziqi's such a nice granddaughter 
I can’t get enough of her. She lives the most beautiful, simple, productive life. It’s like watching a fairytale
I have seen good food preservation and the nature is so beautiful.
人又美厨艺又好。简直是个女神太棒了。。。
These videos deserve oscar..
She is so simple I love her
Me quiero ir a vivir con ella es mejor que una cheff
Your channel is a true gem! A diamond that shines and sparkles! I love your videos more than I can say!
When one grows their own food, there is am important lesson to be learned.

If you fail, you starve...
Wonderful! China, Japo and Koreas, the most intelligent races.
Que bonito!, China y paises Asiaticos , la raza más inteligente.
Que maravilha! China, Japão e Coréias, as raças mais inteligentes.
One of my fave of her videos.
So relaxing video. Thanks
A nice moment of calm from the everyday stress of modern life.
세상에.. 3 videos in a week ?? 
We dont deserve you, liziqi. Thank you so much.
We really love to see your videos,come back soon
When God created humans He placed them in a garden 
like  Liziqi's
すごいとてもいい
ง่ายๆ สะอาด น่ากิน อยู่แบบนี้คือชอบมาก
İnsan Ne Kadar Toprağa ve Doğaya Yakın Olursa,,
Özüne Döner Ve Mutlu Olur..
Gerisi Hayal Kırıklığıdır.. 
This woman is my hero, she can do anything!
好想娶回家当老婆 真贤惠
Love the house,garden,everything including the puppy...
Hi Liziqi - you are showing orchards with fruits flowers and vegetables.  Are these all from your garden and in one place.  I’m quite curious to know so many varieties of vegetables and fruits growing in one plot of land.
这真的是最爱的频道了，经常全家四口一起看，边看边想着遥远的祖国，有和我一样的吗？
Amazing, full creativ, tactis n smart girl.
Wat a beautiful village!️
Hola preciosa eres increíble
I love the Chinese culture of living and I want to live in quiet places like this ️
One pan One knife Ziqi can make everything
لفت انتباهي في هذه الفيديوات
جمال وسلطة الحياة
ومهارات هذه السيدة
مهارات عجيبة
وعطاء الطبيعة الخير في كل مكان ماشاد الله
중국사람에게 정치색이 들어가지 않은 이런 순수한 모습을 볼수있다니 신기하군요
Нереально ,Завораживает
This kind of food will make you live longer and healthy.
Many years ago, I was in a small village like hers. It brings me back a lot of stories.. Thanks Liziqi
Every time I fall in love..
Really I'm enjoying  silence!
So...relaxing video 
すごく大きなタケノコですね。日本だと土からちょっとだけ顔を出しているぐらいで収穫しますが、タケノコの種類が違うのでしょうね。
毎回、永久保存版の素晴らしい動画です。
Beautiful, can cook well, I love you so much.
I dont know why i’m so enjoy watching her
Acho que é japonesa adorei
While we spend hundreds of dollar try to buy what so called "organic food" Liziqi just pick her ingredients in the backyard.  It's awesome.
Your granny so bless with u with her. 
So much joy n peace Li Zi Qi
I may not be able to live just like her but she inspires me to do more myself and rely on stores just a bit less.  Raised garden beds, fix things, use natural items, etc.
فيديوهاتها راحة نفسية
Amazing
Ngon quá ban ơi 
Life is so beautiful ️ 
E muống sống với cuộc sống này... Yêu chị ️
If you're getting lazy and don't know how to start the day, just watch Liziqi's and you'll be energized too js like her
Saya tidak bosan melihat video ini,salam kenal Indonesia🇮🇩
My dream is to live in those heavenly made places.
Khi nào được mới được thưởng thức những món em nấu nhỉ...hihi
Trung Quốc xa quá
In their house. There's a lot of vegetables they plat. You won't get hungry and out of vian if you were A hardworking to do a stuff. I love that place.
I wanna go live with her and be her best friend shoot this is.heaven on earth.
真真是意想中的美好生活!别说外国人了，我一个中国人都看的心生羡慕~ 加油，子柒
Make my heart chilling. ...️
Imprecionante .que el amor de dios te acompañe
我真的很喜欢你美丽的视频我祈祷你会更成功
Senang sekali butuh sayur tinggal petik...
Hidup di desa dg kesederhanaan lebih damai..
他煮饭好像好吃
her sense of humor is the best lmao 

“careful replicating this at home. you don’t want fermented fingertips and nails.”
Thank you for the beautiful video!
Just watched 5 minutes of uninterrupted ads for her 'cause she deserves it.
Que Deus te cuide e te guarde... Que a Sua presença se torne cada vez mais forte em sua vida, te protegendo, orientando fortalecendo sua fé... Bom Dia!
Chỉ ước có được người vk như thế 
In my country it is called " REBUNG" and i like it
Amazing
Когда же она уже соберет весь урожай и поедет домой?)
Your notifications are my happiness.. 
Keep up the good work Queen 
螺蛳粉真的是我超级喜欢的一期 现在看回来姐姐真的进步了超级多！！
Man, that is going to be a "lively" dish. I am in. I know not the meaning of Scoville. And despite my abysmal vocabulary, I do well enough.
The dog knew it was dinner time. Ran fast to house.
Wow
很喜欢这样的生活，要多向你学习！
Bamboo shoots and escargot the best combination . One of my favorite dishes of ours Nagas in Northeast India
Như những ngày xưa
Looking yummy,and iam hungry
we kook this kind of food as well in Indonesia
This cinematography is best, thus makes the video look more interesting
Wau masakan nya enak sekali luar biasa
I don't know what brings me here but I love watching all the videos in this channel. Amazing!
Hahahaha we don't fermented fingertips and nails  my favourite part
Everytime I watched her vids, I heard the nature singing.. nice one. All in all. A million thanks for this wonderful vids! Im still amazed
LOOK SO YUMMY~~~want to try this delicacy~~~
I love the peaceful background music
Buen provecho en tus alimentos
這麼大支的竹筍不會嫌太老太柴嗎？我記得竹筍要採那種剛剛露頭的，那才鮮嫩
My name is aryakrishna
 I am from India, Kerala...

 This video is fantastic and this places  is look like my birth place...  I ️ this video very much ️️️️
Liziqi: makes really good home made food by getting it from plants and lakes she finds 

Me: eats McDonald’s while watching liziqi
شوف لون الخضار مالتهم اخضر والتربه شكلهه حلو  ما شاء الله 
Amazing video like always
Какая классная, обожаю восток, она как отшельник, такие люди мне очень по душе
The bamboo shoots are really big, I have never seen bamboo shoots this big
wuiih rebung. gw jg suka. dimasak santan atau diurap atau dibikin gado gado...yummiiiii 
Yes, I am a Chinese. Those dishes are edible after pickling! It tastes good! Sour, crisp
Maybe people here don't know, but luoshifen is super smelly because of fermented bamboo shoots used for the noodles. But when you eat, the smell goes away. Put it 1 feet of you and stop eating might cause you to gag you're not used to the smell. But otherwise it's good. The soup stock is usually made from snails, so it's seafoody.
So cute 
李七柒，不知道你現時怎樣，一樣支持您
grandma eyeing those noodles, grandma steels the noodle. <3
Such a great and wonderful life in the middle of beautiful forest 
Ziqi is the most talented and hardworking girl.
Anyone agree with me
The Chinese past knowledge being documented beautifully and preserved for the future generations. Im awed by this, even when china is currently in their  the most advanced period in history and the world with their technology and infrastructure.
The asmr video we needed.
Wonderful!
So awesome!!
 Best . It's so wonderful 
觉得好像很孤单 如果有多一些成员加入 会多一份温馨
Ngon wa
Everytime i watch your video, feels like i'm on the fairytale. The water sound, the animal sound, even the tree when the wind blow it feels so real in my beside
والله اني احبها واحب قناتها ومشركه بها بالرغم ماافهم اكثر الاشياء  
the happiest life is to be li zi qi's grandmother
Không biết b có đọc đc bản dịch k? Nhưng tôi rất thích b!
I love this video it inspired me
Life style like in my house in Indonesia. I like it.
She goes to the garden and finds every single ingredient she wants i went to the market forgot what i came for
So good 
Впервые вижу , чтобы сорняк использовался в пищу. Видео классное
Dulu gua msih umur 5 thun suka bnget nonton channel kk sampe skrg udh umur 12 thun msih suka nonton
これはおいしそう！　いつも楽しみにしてます️
Love your contents
i don't understand why would someone unlike this video...
ahhh so relxing and peacful.  I wish I had a life like that. now I want to go to Yechon to taste korea again.... wait its Chinese-?
I never know when she picks something if she's going to eat it or make something out of it!
Quê bạn đẹp quá Lộc chúc bạn vui vẻ mạnh trong cuộc sống
세상 여인의 참표준같으신 분이네요...현상계의 선녀님...
Her vdos are really relaxing
in the west many girls get bored of frying an egg, and this girl from morning till night is so busy doing so many things, that it is admirable.! Her grandmother will be the happiest grandmother in the world!
Сердце сперва ёкнуло за квакшу, фу пронесло..
She gave up the city life and moved back to village to take care of her grandmother   so proud of her! ️
原始，自然，純真️
Fortunate girl to live this life in a clean and fresh environment...
螺蛳粉，闻着臭，吃着香，强烈要求大家试一下，令人回味无穷
These videos bring me peace
Hey...me from singapore. Really enjoyed  watching your youtube program. Thumb up and glad to subscribed your channel.
She sure made everything look easy....just keeping clean and tidy in a rural environment is tough enough!
Такой девушке я свой сердцу отдал
Wish i can have a place like you
i dont know what is wrong with those 34k people who disliked it! i mean why?
The god of kissing the earth. The hostess decorates and complements this heavenly land. Like a bee working from dawn to dawn, clever, beautiful. Live long. The project is wonderful.
راحة نفسية
This is my whole childhood. I am surprised to find out that the lifestyle here in Nepal and China is soo similar although I live in terrains.
I love Li Ziqi ️️️️️️️️
i love your videos. they help me with my anxiety 
Какая она ловкая, быстрая и умелая!
Alam yg sejuk terasa damai nian hidup ini.
Cô bé xinh xắn giỏi giang .tôi yêu quý cô bé này quá .
Dulu gua msih umur 5 thun suka bnget nonton channel kk sampe skrg udh umur 12 thun msih suka nonton
She is so amazing good good like angel
I miss this kind of life in our province.Those kind of foods, the way she cooked thats how we cook our food before its a healthy living. This shows simple life in a province. Peaceful and contented with what you have.
wish for her grandma be well...........
equally talented is the cameraman
Mantep tenan 
Es bonito para vivirlo el mes de vacaciones nada mas
好好吃
Her grandma must be the happiest old lady in the world.
wonder where the Food go. she cooks a very big portion. btw Iwung/rebung is also my Fav :D
I love so much the atmosphere
Thank you for sharing this video
I like her so much...She is very hard worker.️️
น่ากินจัง
I think every kid should have a relative that has a ranch or farm something like that, and experience life and joy that’s entirely different from the fast pace city life, and that you need to put effort to learn and grow something of your own
My favorite ️
Thank you sooooo muchhhhh for uploading your videos frequently 
God bless you for moving and helping all the people emotionally.
You are such a great person and i want to remind it to you in case if you feel like you havent been told  enough how ADMIRING and BEAUTIFUL  young lady you are 
Brazilian cuisine is the result of a mixture of European, indigenous and African ingredients.  Many of the components of the recipes and preparation techniques are of indigenous origin, having undergone modifications by the Portuguese and slaves from Africa.  These made adaptations of their typical dishes replacing the missing ingredients with local correspondents.  The Brazilian feijoada, a typical dish of the country, is an example of this.  The slaves brought to Brazil since the middle of the 16th century added elements such as palm oil and couscous to national cuisine.  And the waves of immigrants received by the country between the 19th and 20th centuries, coming in large numbers from Europe, brought some novelties to the national menu and concomitantly strengthened the consumption of various ingredients.

 Daily food, made in three meals, involves the consumption of coffee with milk, bread, fruits, cakes and sweets for breakfast, beans and rice for lunch - the Brazilian's basic meal, to which are sometimes added pasta  , meat, salad and potatoes - and, for dinner, soups and also the various regional foods.

 Distilled beverages were brought by the Portuguese or, like cachaça, made on the land.  Wine is also widely consumed, sometimes added to water and sugar, in the well-known sangria.  Beer in turn began to be consumed in the late 18th century and is today one of the most common alcoholic drinks.

 The most visible regional cuisines belong to the states of Minas Gerais and Bahia, with Minas Gerais cuisine marked by European influence in delicacies and dairy products such as tropeiro beans (also a dish from São Paulo cuisine), cheese bread (which is equivalent to Paraguayan chipa,  differing in format) and the cheese from minas frescal, and Bahian cuisine due to the presence of African delicacies such as acarajé, abará and vatapá.  Pernambuco's cuisine stands out for its so-called "Pernambuco sweets", that is, the sweets developed during the colonial and imperial periods in its sugar mills such as the bolo de bolo, Souza Leão cake and top hat, and also for drinks  and savory delicacies discovered or probably originated in the state, such as cachaça, beiju and feijoada à BRASILEIRA.
Great viewing, even if it’s not exactly truthful. Highly successful image!
Parece una vida fácil pero no lo es en españa en muchos pueblos y aldeas se vivio asin cocinando con leña y comían de las  cosecha según me contaron mis abuelos la vida era muy difícil y dura tanto mujeres como hombres con 40 años parecían anciano de trabajar y vivir del campo esto son actores y parece tan bonito y fácil pero la vida real del campesino es totalmente todo lo contrari
嚮往如此世外桃源的生活
Brazil. 
HOW DO YOU EVEN DISLIKE THESE VIDEOS THEY ARE LITERALLY A GRACE FROM GOD
I miss her sooo much, going to rewatch her old video
What is the time for Bamboo.and Edible, I see that you do not work very hard ... PVC Planting ... PVC spoon.vc kitchen that is a Marvel ... PVC still embroider.costura you are amazing i'm loving you  eu estou adorando  vc e tudo que vc faz parabéns ️🇧🇷
Bạn thật khéo, ước gì có người vợ như bạn.
Съемки хорошие, наверное целая Бригада работает
筍美味いよね
you can imagine how busy it would be, to make a such relaxing video
Many happy Christmas 
Good luck for you all ️
婆婆過的很安逸！ 平安快樂過退休年！
柒愛小姑娘妳好！好料理喔！
这就是我们中国人的美食，制作过程美如画！
Where you are I miss you so much when will you come back lot's of love from Pakistan 
I absolutely love bamboo! My dream is to have a bamboo forest like that in my backyard!
Those bamboo shoots are massive!!
In Indonesia, we call this bamboo root as rebung. we process it into various dishes, the taste wonderful
不错的烹饪 来自印度的爱.. ️️
KONTENNYA SERU DAN BERMANFAAT
salam dari kawan baru sukses terus ya chanelnya :)
the best forever my frend .... itu namanya sayur rebung kalau di indonesia .... mantap .... ️
hola muy bello todo lo k muestran
Love from India...u are amazing
观察了一段时间，发现子柒频道有以下几个特点：
首先是粉丝群又广又厚，做为一个不是自己亲自管理的油管频道，
而且在油管上和粉丝毫无互动，能做到目前这样子的规模很不容易，
毕竟频道最初是从粉丝帮忙搬运起家，多少有点“无心插柳柳成荫”的感觉；
其次是视频点赞率高，比一般频道高出近10倍的点赞率，这点很了不起，
说明视频质量高，不像油管上好多千万订阅的频道都是渣一样的点赞率，
毕竟出了名之后每天发点烂片混日子骗钱的频道油管上太多太多了；
最后就是频道人气高，评论数量自身就说明了一切，
而且我敢保证整个油管上这么和谐的大频道根本就没几家，
子柒这里就是其中一家，俨然一副世界大融合的景象。
映る全てが綺麗だなぁと思う
Nature and peace ️
小時候看到的野菜，居然能吃
ชอบจังผุ้หยิงจินเก่ง อยากไปอยุ่ที่นั้นน้อ บรรยากาศสวยมากๆ
Nice️
She is also one of the best content makers in China.
Son unos de los mejores ToPGiRlS.UnO
los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer
Megan: ''Hotter''
Hopi: ''Sweeter''
Joonie: ''Cooler''
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 



Senada: ''Hermoso.''
 Amor. ''Momentos.''
Jamas.: ''Corazon.''
Habara.: ''Sostengo. .''


Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente.
hay nomas pa ra reirse un rato y no estar triste y estresado por la vida dura que se vive hoy..
Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas.
y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad.en.los.corazonede.
tus.admiradores......feliz
Navidad.y.noche.buena....mis.respeto.para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo. ..
This is relaxing
ชอบดูมาก เป็นคลิปที่ดีสุดๆ
It's just like a cheap source of relaxing therapy
Totally satisfied multi talented girl
The ultimate way of “shelter in place”. The narrative less making focuses all on her beauty, the food harvest and preparation.
What a beautiful village
Why would someone dislike this? I literally can’t think of any reason
ชอบช่องนี้มากครับ มีความสุขทุกครั้งที่ได้ดู ติดตามเสมอนะครับ จากแฟนคลับประเทศไทย🇹🇭
جمال الاماكن يشعرك بالراحه النفسيه
Kepengen ke Cina,,,️
I'm in love with her...
can't just ignore the charm of her
期待你尽早更新视频，
I love the sound her clay pot makes when she places the clay lid its so satisfying 
liziqi kok skrg jarang tampil yaaku rindu konten terbarumu
I'm just speechless. How did you do that?
,,,🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
This is how life should be, feels good :)
令人向往的田园生活。
I always forget she lives in the modern world with us. So lovely
Life is so peaceful
Suasana alam yang bagus
Inspiring.sending support️
Ini nama nya di desaq dulu Rebung.saya ingat rasa nya seperti ayam ketika ibu memasak waktu kecil dulu di bumbu gulai.tapi sekarang ibu sudah wafat.jadi kangen masakan ibu 
どの料理も美味しそう。辛めの味付けなんだろうか？‥　何より竹林やら自然が映画に出てくるような光景で趣がありますね
I envy the life you have. Simple living no comlexities, just being with mother nature.
It used to be like this man was just uncontented and turned into a life full of difficulties.
I would trade every cent I have to live in that place. Who needs a car? Who needs a mansion? Who needs a million? if you can live in a beautiful place with a peaceful environment. I would even be more contented.
子柒每次看你的视频特别的治愈，特别是在国外让人产生浓浓的思乡情。谢谢你！“螺蛳粉特别的好吃”
花园里风景很美..一边拿烟枪，一边做蔬菜..
She lives more than 100️
Liziqi the original...that black fungus is called Patoktonol in our language, its not very tasy but its eatable
I love this Hilly  area and this Greenery
Can someone link the bg music to me? They just beautiful especially from min 6:00 forward. Just like an RPG from back when.
This is basically Studio Ghibli in real life... So peaceful, so beautiful, so natural and so holistic, what a life.
মাশাআল্লাহ অনেক ভাল লাগল .../////////////////////////////////////
Great bamboo shoots & long yard beans  recipe
Hidup d desa  dengan  memenuhi  kebuthan  ,dengan  apa yg Ada d alam  itu  menyenangkan
Amazing girls
Chị ơi quay lại làm video đi chị. E nhớ chị lắm 
As a Chinese, i must tell you all that the river snail rice noodle is smelly(because the sour bamboo shoot is smelly) but taste really good.
Guys, I ate luosifen a few times, there's something a bit stinky inside, but watching this video I didn't get which one stinks? What is the stinky ingredient of luosifen?
This is how we were meant to live
She is very brave
cuộc sống yên bình thật.
すごい良き。もっと不衛生だと思ったら、めっちゃ普通やった！
We eat bamboo shoots too...with pork, fish , chicken, pickle, with fermented fish etc etc 
Northeast India ️️️
খুব সুন্দর হয়েছে রান্নাটা
