Let's sign a petition to Disney to make a princess character inspired from her who doesn't need a prince charming for her survival. This will be a massive hit
She even made a pillow for the dog after spending a long time making the comforter for her grandma <3
In South Africa we have a traditional mat maker. We all have our own thing inherited from our ancestors. It makes me proud that she is so invested in this traditional technique. Traditional things need patience and heart. she has that in abundance
As someone who was raised by their grandmother, I was crying at the end of the video. I know I would do anything I could for my grandma and seeing her put so much time and effort into this for her grandma's comfort made me emotional.
Saw a lot comments about people commenting negatively on her videos. As someone who has grown up in the village living similar life, now living in urban areas, I can vouch that this is not fake. There probably are more people helping her in the process (which is necessary) however doesn't take away the credit she has earned as she is heavily involved on it. The whole process is exactly similar to how my grandmother used to make quilt from cotton. It takes a lot of effort and patience. Before the winter, when we needed new quilt, the whole family would help in making the quilts (5 to 6 quilts at a time). I even remember the sweet taste of cotton flowers when it is raw. 

To those who wonder about how she can do so many things, it is earned through years of hard work and learning from the elders. Now a days I can buy everything in the supermarket but the sense to accomplishment and gratitude to nature can only be earned if you live through these experiences. It is wonderful to see her work while I can reminisce the olden days.
''5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...''
Me: struggles with putting together an Ikea furniture.
Ziqi: grows her own cotton to make her grandmother a mattress.
She wins at life.
I love all the dogs and cats that run around the yard and follow her while she does her crafts. So talented!
I never really had a role model who was outside my family because there are so many good role models out there, but this woman is the icing on the cake. I just want to hold her hand and tell her you’re amazing. All I keep thinking is that it’s her and the world, nothing else. I watched another video where she made this bridge for grape wine and her hard work made her so proud once she achieved what she was doing. I have a strong feeling that if I offered to help, she smiled and politely decline. I also feel if I were to ask her if she wants a rest, she’d refuse because she has so much to do and so little time.
What I also love about her lifestyle is that NOTHING goes to waste. Everything down to the stem has its purpose and lifespan. Beautiful!
Impresionante cuanta sabiduría, talento y belleza posee esta chica tan joven,  la mayoría necesitan cientos de vidas para experimentar lo que ella en una sola vida ya tiene.
How is it possible to dislike someone who is working so hard ? It’s such a peaceful life she’s living.
This women can survive in the wild for a whole decade if she was ever stranded on an island
I have never seen a quilt made like this, utterly fascinating!!!!!!!!
Such a nice video on how she started from seeds to a full grown cotton plant! and harvesting the cotton. The most interesting is how she made the durvet so intriguing, awesome skills and voila a brand new blanket! Thank you for the  this video. Precious and amazing seeing the way life is for the villagers.
Though this is not how every mattress is made, this is how every mattress should be made. With love and care.
從您的影片看到了中華民族祖先傳承下來的智慧。真令人感動。
The fact she took the time to also make one for the pupper... she gets an instant get into heaven card. What a classy lady. This is what I call class. Not dolled up, not trying hard to be something she’s not, providing, caring. Beautiful inside and out. Class act.
What a lesson of humanity, respect towards Mother's Nature,  hard work and harmony. Lots of love 
So cool...  Need more patience and time to do these things in a traditional way..  Very proud on you girl...  All wishes and love from India 🇮🇳
I think some people might think, “Why is she spending so much time doing that, when she can just buy it?” The point is sometimes making something yourself and living a simple life with the feeling of having all the time in the world is actually a luxury. It’s like doing a puzzle or meditating, except you get to enjoy the end result. :3
''5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...''
每一期视频都凝结了无数古人的智慧，我们是由5000年的文化孕育而成  每一项都是了不起的发明 真是因为我们的文化足够丰富所以视频资源永远不会枯竭   李子柒只体现很小很小的一部分，还有更多更多的文化等着被展示    比如油纸伞所以乐器农耕等等，不同名族不同地区都有宝贵的文化结晶
Just recently discovered this channel, keep up the hard work! ASMR
It is absolutely amazing how she combines "old fashioned" features like tradition, patience, hard work with modern nowadays Youtube. I'm absolutely overwhelmed by the beauty of everything she does, how she does it, the landscapes around her, her knowledge of ancient techniques, her skills, her creativity, her manually, her energy, her strength! Everytime I feel tired because I've worked 8 hours (just teaching and/or sitting down preparing my work) I feel i have no right to feel that way...She can be tired, not me! 
I never tought she would make it, ITS SO BEAUTIFUL you should create more content like this I'm so amazed by your talent.!!!!️️️
Can you imagine how long this 11 minutes vid take her to film?? damn impressed
Надо же, какая изобретательница, а сколько в ней доброты. Такая нигде не пропадёт. Умница!
I had tears when she made a tiny blanket for her puppy and softly slipped it beneath puppy . She is so talented and I think if the talent had face it would had been her , ️
Many thing she do it on her own, she is capable person. Admire her toughness and hard work. Besides good at cooking , artwork, she also shown love and care to her beloved grandma and cute puppies too.
I saw a video that was amazingly incomparable, really fascinating to see the work of making a bed mattress from the traditional cotton of a village. These beautiful experiences are spread all over the world।
23:23 Hermosa elección  Topgirls.Uno de los mejores conciertos 

23:23  Senada: ''Hermoso''
23:23  Megan: ''Hotter''
23:23  Hopi: ''Sweeter''
23:23  Joonie: ''Cooler''
23:23  Yoongi: ''Butter''
23:23  Amor: ''Momentos''
23:23  Alfiora: ''Preety''
23:23  Alana: ''Awesome''

23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente .
She is a talented woman, yes. 
But she also has a Huge heart.
️ massive respect for her hardwork
The most amazing person I have ever seen on earth... there's almost nothing that she can't do. Impressed by her works and simplicity.lots of love lizi️️️
I love Chinese culture and traditions. I love and admire her. Such a model to be follow of these mellenials now. Something that must be forgotten through all generation.
Is there anything that she can't do? She is just an amazing multitalented humble person.
Amazing she has such talent. Thank you for making these videos.
Anybody else get teary-eyed when she gave her dog a doggy bed? I love her so much. She doesn't know me but I love her and I wish many good fortunes to follow and bless her and her family.
The more I see this women the more my respect increases .I can only say it's immense and an endless one and words wont do any justice to her . Especially her love for her grandma is so heartwarming and genuine .....may she live in paradise in the afterlife too for being a humble queen
I just love how she has such a large overview of time, to be able to film things weeks, months and, sometimes, years ahead just so she can put them togther at the end.
Makes me wonder what marvels she has in her video vault just waiting for the right time to finish and share with us lucky folk.
This is absolutely fascinating. Such an awful lot of work but such wonderful skills. Thank you for sharing your talents with us.
This one had me in tears... Remember when I was a kid, there was always people downstairs making cotton quilts using the same method and I’d be watching them doing that for hours. All my quilts in children hood came this way. it’s all factory now. those quilts were just the warmest and u can smell the earth and the sun. Thanks Ziqi for showing the world authentic contents
This girl living her life planting and using all that strength she really was doing very tough actions hats off to her she's amazing I never knew in my life that cotten are planted wow new knowledge
We love how you title the shows just keep doing what you love to do I use to watch these with my husband but I lost him to codvid September-14 -2021 I hope you and you're family are safe and healthy this season Bless you all ️
Hello from Canada. This was a amazing video and your such a good teacher on how life is in the mountains. I wish I had your life.
She’s very patient and spontaneous. This video must take at least a year to make from seedling to harvesting and sewing.
Greetings from 🇨🇦 I absolutely love watching you cook. You have inspired me. You are such a talented and hard working lady! I have become a better cook from watching you.️your style!
Grandma smiling is the highlight of every video.
Восхищаюсь Вами!!!Сама наслаждается от собственных трудов.
the last part was wholesomeness overload. That puppy fell asleep on lovely made Fluff.
When I was little and lived in the countryside of Sichuan where she live now, I saw the exactly same things in her videos. I’m so related to all of her videos. Now younger generation don’t do and don’t know how to to the same thing as the older generations, but she inherited everything.
Her hands shows how hard working she is. A truly living goddess away from this digital and hectic world of ours. I hope she can live forever and create more amazing videos like this so the next generations can also see how beautiful life lived in place without fast cars and towering buildings. May God bless her always. .
je suis hypnotiser pas ces vidéos d'une telle qualité esthétique, et informative !mais quel régal innégalable !!!
她是国宝级呀。。
希望她年纪高了，能帮忙策划拯救地球农业计划。加油仙女。。太棒了你
I WATCH ALL UR VIDEOS AND ITS INSPIRING TO WATCH YOU. YOU'RE SUCH A HARD WORKER AND SO SMART. UR FAMILY MUST BE SO PROUD!!
The fact that she would make that for her grandmother and her dog just warms my heart
Que linda essa morada. Amei teu canal!!
Just when you think you've seen everything,  she suprises you with a new talent.  This lady is full of  love and great talents. She deserves all the kindness and love in return ️️️ from Canada
Watching from Philippines... I love you Liziqi!  You are very kind, talented, and caring to your grandmother.
Giving the dog a blanket was the loveliest part. My heart melted.
Omggg i am shocked how much hardworking u are and I came to know how cotton mattress is made.you are so inspiring,intelligent and u are perfect .always stay happy and healthy
一些片段会让我流泪，不知道为什么。我感觉自己的生活好像失去了一份最本真的东西，我好像离自然，离美越来越远了。谢谢你，李子柒。
She is the definition of hardworking and greatfulness.
Просто красота, красота. Слов выше нет!!!
Really love your content. Please always stay safe & healthy. Love from Indonesia 
I still have this childhood memory of my mom taking our cotton beddings to the craftsman’s workshop and let them add more layers. I can still visualize their movements of doing it.  That’s how we survived the humid and severe winter with no heat in central China. Now my hometown is urbanized so fast and those workshops are nowhere to see, our beddings have come from these old schooled cotton to modern mattress. Thank you Liziqi for her beautiful skills to reperform traditional agricultural life style. It’s a memory we Asians, as well as humans share together. It’s a history we shall respect and not being oblivious of.
How do other people unlike her videos,  its kinda heartbreaking for me but yeah i love your videos it calms my anxiety ️
Linda a horta deve ser tão bom se alimentar com os legumes daí
Really multi skilled. We should learn to live a pure, contended and healthy life from her. Her life is like that of a princess . Hail rural women!
I got to spend two months in Sichuan as a teenager and I remember seeing everyone taking their blankets to get the cotton fluffed like this. It was quite an awakening to me who grew up the throw away culture that when a mattress, blanket, or pillow got worn out and flat, you'd toss it and get something new.
The level of you craft is astounding! Thank you for sharing your amazing skills!!!
This woman has infinitely more patience, skill, and selflessness than everyone I have ever met combined. She did that all for her grandmother and her dog!!
I find it really cool and interesting how you can grow cotton. I love watching these videos because she makes amazing stuff from whatever they have at home. 
I can rewatch her videos all the time and still stay amazed at how talented she is.
I'm amazed at the things that she can do with the natural resources available around her.
¡Eres increíble!
La naturaleza es hermosa  y si estás con ella ,no necesitas más.la capacidad que tenemos no nos limita a nada .gracias por este bello y tierno vídeo gracias .
5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...
One of strongest feelings I have when watching Ziqi’s videos is this life style can become a therapy for depression. One gets too busy for depression; and every outcome becomes rewarding and appreciated. After following her series, I myself became more diligent, and complaining less about daily chores and labor. Thank you Ziqi!
I like how she’s putting in a lot of effort keep up the the good work lizqi
I wish there was a “love” button. It was so heartwarming when she made the cotton mattress topper for her grandma and then she even made a blanket for the dog 
She literally made the tools used to make this cotton blanket! honestly she’s a genius
Imagine all the EFFORT in just for 11 minutes. This deserve appreciation and recognition.
This is such incredible skill and so fascinating to watch! Love the grandma cute
Li I love watching your videos...u are such an inspiration ...u jus so awesome brilliant with all your hard work...cooking baking cultivating...I have learnt so much from u ...wishing u everything of the best n love to granny who gives u support...n your lovli dogs...take care n much love n blessings from South Africa️️️
Her grandma deserves to live forever. 
It didn't hit me until I saw her lay the cotton mattress on her grandmother's bed, she worked so hard for so many hours so many days into the night tirelessly weaving and sewing to make a cozy warm mattress for her grandmother and it brought me to tears how selfless and hardworking she really is and how I wish I could be like that
What's cuter than pupper playing with cotton? Well of course pupper cuddling with grandma  i never get tired of watching these videos
This lady is amazing living her life the traditional way and letting us have a look into this lifestyle before everything became mechanized.
such a beautiful take on using cotton. My allergies are going crazy in Texas and New Mexico as its harvest time for the cotton.
I appreciate you yaa 
You are soooo hard working....trust me on this you deserve more then 15M 
Love from India
LIZIQI: TUS VIDEOS SON MARAVILLOSOS. GRACIAS, GRACIAS, GRACIAS !!! UN ABRAZO DESDE ARGENTINA.
No one can hate this girl. She has a wonderful talent. And everyone should be grateful about that talent. Even their own talent.
Once you see a video of this channel, there's no looking back...you get addicted to her
Macha allah je t'admire tes tellement intelligentes et travailleuse ️
I hope her grandmother lives a long and healthy life as much as her️️
She is honestly the greatest woman I’ve ever seen
Everytime I watch her video I feel like crying.. Looking at her hard work dedication and pureness.... It makes me emotional and I start to question my own life..
The look on her grandma's face. She must be so proud of her, that she learnt all these traditions and can still do it correctly. Love 
I like how she uses the left over cotton stems for putting them into a flower pot
The grandma must be so happy that she raised such a good granddaughter ️
You are amazing. Talented strong and kind women so inspiring!
The girl who is beautiful,smart, hardworking, genius and more than a common one hats off to you.... you are such ray of hope for others to how to live life and deal situations.... from india
Your titles are just fine. It really shows how a cotton is cultivated and what it's use or purpose.. You are showing us how cotton germinated, live, die and used so it's really is the life of the cotton..
I HAVE NO WORDS FOR YOU ONLY I CAN SAY THAT YOU ARE SUCH A VERY HARDWORKING 
YOU DESERVE MANY MORE 
Where did you learn all of your skills?  You are an amazing cook, master gardener, builder, and now textile maker.  Incredible!  I need to learn from you.
She appreciates all the beauty and love surrounding her. That's why she makes heaven a living reality. And plus, she's so skillful and resourceful, not to mention, also so beautiful. I just admire her so much.
Умница просто восхищаюсь твоими творчеством 
子柒，妳跟婆婆生活的還好嗎？每次在影片上看妳影片都很多心情，祝福妳永遠健康美麗～我在另一個國度看著妳。
Desde q la comencé a seguir .me encanta porq creo q es toda una gran mujer q puede sola ayudar y cuidar a una gran abuela q paso todos sus conocimientos .me encanta .
5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...
Aunque sea una película...digo porque tiene edición y todo es perfecto me encanta.  Agregar a la abuelita y los perritos me fascina..seguidora absoluta de tus historias.  Un saludo de Rapa Nui
Her way of starting seed was really interesting.  She's almost like a historical record of traditional techniques.
Misericórdia que trabalho .. 
Lindo demais.. tudo manual ... 
these videos soothes my soul
they are so fun to watcha and never disappoints me
The every work she does is perfect in it's way ....
I have no words..this is soooo good. You are a wonderful being. True wonder woman. Love from Croatia
Esse vídeo foi um dos melhores que já vi️
Most talented human I've seen. She's an inspiration and her skills should be taught in schools all over the world 
I can't stop my eyes into her creativity how nite and clean the work she did
Isn't it just wonderful and heartwarming to see how much she care about those she love? 
Girl.. You are just on another level. Big love
Este video me impactò muchisimo  por todo el contenido q belleza de mujer para confeccionar  asi  no necesita de máquinas  realmente cuánto la admiro besos a tu abuelita y para ti chinita linda mis respetos  te adoro
maravilhoso trabalho.paciência e dedicaçao chinesa
My grandma lives next to a cotton field. My grandpa & sister's father both worked in the cotton fields. Thanks for sharing this!
Благодарю за прекрасное познавательное видео. Девушка молодец  Супер 
I remember I saw this video on Facebook along time ago, and I really loved it! (don't know if it was in the original page)
Weeks later the page was deleted and I was so sad cause I couldn't find it and loved the magical videos.

A few days ago I just wrote "cotton village Chinese" on YouTube and this was the first video on the list, I was so happy I finally find your channel again 
I love her, she is such a hardworking and brave woman that can do almost everything,please support her more especially now since there are lots of bad comments about  her. Also loved how she purposely made the dog a nicer and cozier blanket... So sweet
Cara assistir isso é tão bom nem sei explicar !! Salve brasil
This is so lovely to watch. It brings the energy of both lovely ancient and calming energy.
I never have saw cotton thinned out like that, I have picked cotton back when I was a young boy, I liked living out in the country, we raised a lot of the things we ate, I guess that was back in the so called good ole days~USA
This is real human work! And it's also nature-friendly..Not killing, stigmatizing others, not stealing! It's a shame that we really don't focus our energy on what we really should ...
She such a wholesome lady! Made one for the grandma AND the doggo!! 
Me: struggles with putting together an Ikea furniture.
Ziqi: grows her own cotton to make her grandmother a mattress.
She wins at life.
Her connection to Nature even defeats Wordsworth's relation to it . She defines the Nature as panacea in its true sense...️
How can anyone make such a beautiful video 

Just love it .
Iam addicted to her videos .
the wool mattress looking soo comfy.her grandmother must be proud of her :)
Applause for this woman.  What a crazy work is that.  She really awesome and talented woman. love her and her life.
Simplemente hermoso 
This young lady is fascinating, her skill at some of the ancient ways of living life, making her clothing, making her own furniture, her incredible gardens, and her total devotion to her grandmother.  She is obviously super intelligent, hardworking, caring, and to top it off she is beautiful. Always waiting for her next video.
Вот это работа !!! Выростить ,собрать ,а потом аж соткать одеяло. Я в восторге. Молодец.
She is a very talented and hard-working girl with a big heart in loving and caring for people and animal around her 
Alway look forward to her new video
Udah cantik, baik, rajin luar biasa, penuh kasih, pinter masak, bakat banyak, pecinta alam,
I love you liziqi️
Oh you liziqi.  No words can explain how talented you are!!!kudos to you and most importantly your granny should not be forgotten because she has brought you up 
She is so crafty. I don’t speak, write or understand a lick of Chinese but love this channel. YouTube knows me so well 
Thank you liziqi's video for showing us that a simple thing in life is difficult to obtain. Although there are many machines that can be manufactured, traditional human manufacturing still allows us to see the wisdom of human beings.  Very touched.
After a tough day , watching lizqi's vids makes my day. I STAN QUEENS
OMG...she just stole my heart, taking care of her grandmother and then the way she careful made and put the blanket around the old dog....thank you for sharing! 
I was very tense. But after watching this video I am feeling fresh and relieved. Thank you so much .
You are sooooo great and so talented!! Wow! I really admire you!
Я восхищаюсь этой девушкой,у неё золотые руки!!!
She never fails to amaze me
I love that you take great care of your grandmother , I was the same way
I like how this is the only place where one nationality or one race isn’t screaming at another, pointing fingers and spreading more hate. This channel is full of people with compassion and love, let’s keep supporting each other like this️ and stay safe everyone!
You work so hard, please do take care of your Heath 
I just love seeing your videos and they inspire me so much. 
I love you. 
Theo giỏi lý tử thất gần 5 năm khâm phục cô gái này quá.cái gì cô ấy cũng biết.tài giỏi quá.Tôi iu tất cả những gì của bạn 
La mia ammirazione è  sconfinata ! Una enciclopedia vivente di cultura, una sapienza infinita!! Quanto sarebbe migliore il mondo è più bello se queste meravigliose conoscenze, di ogni paese prendessero vita, invece di essere cancellate dalle multinazionali. Sogno un mondo dove l artigianato spazzi via le multinazionali !!!
My dear, you have 15 million subscribers!  Film what you want and call it what you wish!  Obviously, we’re with you!
so sweet at the end, making another quilt for the dog when she saw he was cold
she's such an inspiration. I was about to cry when I realised she was making this for her grandmother and then for the dog... 
This is so wholesome 
I was impressed when she made a blanket even for her dog. Totally amazing hats of to you 
Que bonito todo , pero que le haga una mantita al perrito que maravilla. Me encantan todos sus vídeos. Es una mujer muy inteligente
You are fantastic! Best wishes from Australia!
很好，很用心的影片
推介同学们看了️
You have magic in your hands ️. You know everything and doing everything by your own ️ huge respect for you  .
She’s so very creative 
Have no Words to express my feelings for her. Really admire her talent. She can do anything from scratch and does things which brings joy to others.hats off to her
Loving your work....god bless you
Already beautiful, independent and devoted to parents. salute to sis Liziqi greetings from Indonesia🇲🇨
anyone else obsessed and also wanting to live where she does where you turn around and there's a delicious fruit or food cooking or rather a adorable animal. as well that when she sucked in the string and pulled it out I got a shock
Love this so much thank you for making this video
Oi chinexinha te admiro minhoto me imagino aumento orgulio a sua mãe center de você e você merece
My goodness, Li you remind me about 60 years  ago in Tehran and my grandma was bringing a cotton cover maker at home in very early in the morning till sun down .He was using the same instrument you used to open the cotton balls and then he was swing all over the cover , beautiful motifs in traditional Iranian shapes . Thank you so much for your sweet and educational work . 
You always bring me back to my childhood . All my family specially my grand children love you and admire you . With love from New York 
给我妈妈看了一下，她小时候有见过做这种棉花的人，看到弹棉花这步骤，她说这真的是她回忆的一部分。
太感谢李子柒为我们文化做了保留。
Lindo vídeo 
Gran trabajo 

I live in a village ️ in past.....I don't like it because I want to go in a big City but now..... I stated watching your video  now I think village is heaven ️️️
You are truly amazing hardworker
Your family is so much proud
to having you 
你奶奶很幸运能有一个像你这样的孙女 
I hope she’s okay, with everything going on in China right now. Be safe, we love you!
Maravilloso 
I pray that everything will be okay with her and her granny during this darkest time in China. Been waiting for her video but that's okay her and her granny's safety is priority. Let's pray she and her granny is fine.
Nossa! Jo em prendada e trabalhadora cuida dos pais e todos dentro de casa. Parabens
Eres una Super Estrella Dios bendiga tus manos y tu santa paciencia para hacer todo lo que haces que es  inigualable e incomparable  y gracias por mostrarnos esa hermosa naturaleza tan sabia  la cual para mi es el paraiso felicitaciones saludos desde Chile
Hola...disculpe la pregunta...algunos productos que se ven en sus videos se venden en alguna parte??..gracias y saludos
You are such a talented girl means in every video your talent is boost up such a hard-working lady you are when I saw your videos I am literally speechless means how multi talented you are I will definitely love to meet you keep it up dear.
Her mother and grandma are awesome who taught all this stuff to her
She made a pillow for one of her dogs. This lady is amazing.
SHES TOO PURE FOR THIS WORLD.
I'm so envious of her,  she is so talented.
You are the most talented woman i've ever seen in my entire whole life, you can do whatever
Missing your new videos…. Plz upload new ones … love from india 🇮🇳️
It's all so mesmerizing!  I'm so curious to know more about this channel and who does the beautiful videography. They clearly lives on a beautiful estate and are skilled hard workers...who are these magical people?!?
The way she puts in the extra mile, to not only make a bedding for Grandma but also for the little pup! So cute!
Sorprendente, que envidia de la buena. Eres muy buena y generosa.
Vc e muito querida .... parabéns
Милый ангел и бабушке матрас такой королевский как шелкопряд сплела и собачке одеяло. Очень трудолюбивая девушка
You are a courageous girl.you look after your grandmother like a mother caresses child. You are a great ️
標題可以接受的啦！ 不管是蠶被、棉被都是純手工，我用買的都要40usd左右，自己做的是無價，看了真是佩服您！
I just can't figure out, how could a woman like this is real. Every single one of her video is just so soothing, I start to cry when I realize that I'm abroad alone and that I miss my country so much... Thank you Li Ziqi, thank you!
Your home is so beautiful, i really wanna to visit this place forever
This lady grew the damn cotton picked it, processed it, fluffed it, weaved a net for it, and stuffed inside all to make a new mattress for her grandmother and her dogs to sleep comfortably.  My god this woman is amazing
最喜欢这个视频了，太棒了，好慈祥的奶奶，祝奶奶健康长寿！
She knows every work. she is a all-rounderI want to do every work  like her.
I couldnt imagine this woman shes very unique person gosh its amazing..
You are soo wonderful to your grandma ️️....that was beautiful what you made for her bed️️
A woman that all men desire, but no one deserves... Everything a human being needs to survive, She knows and does it herself. No words for this amazing girl! I just love her work, her arts!!
Honestly the biggest respecc moment is: she has to be like filming her everyday life, most of it, for a long time so you just get a lot of footage sitting around. and then she has to compile and pull together probably hours or footage from over like half a year into one video, and continue to do that consistently for different topics. shit really do add up yo, everyday you dont see progress and it's just a bunch of small things but at the end you really do get a bigass harvest. and that's how she's compiling these vids. mad respecc.
She is multi talented. 
綺麗!!ステキ!!応援してます!!
моя ж ты девочка! Труженица! Какой это кропотливый и нелегкий труд. Дай Бог ВАМ с бабушкой счастья, здоровья и долгих-долгих лет жизни
Awww!  The little pillow for the puppy at the end was so sweet!  This kid is earning every cent of the money she's making!  Damn, she's a worker.
She made one for her grandma, and the dog how awesome
What an amazing woman! Why the dislikes?? There should be zero dislikes for all she does! The ending was adorable Love watching all of your videos
Liziqi saludos desde Perú Chiclayo Dios te bendiga grandemente
Such a peaceful place 
Whenever I watch your videos 
I feel so calm
Love you from Pakistan
Amo seus vídeos.Como você e inteligente e trabalhadeira! Nossa esse lugar e um sonho de tão lindo!🇧🇷
Сколько трудолюбия...все движения слаженные..умница просто..
grandma and grand daughter seemed having fun together while making the mattress
She’s what everyone Woman inspires to be. Truly a hard working , independent, and smart woman.
傳統文化與技術
需要傳承
真棒的無價之寶
Grandma: I think I need a softer bed
Her: let me grow cotton and see what I can do

She is the definition of self sufficient 
So sweet & amazing..watching your videos calms my soul..Thank you
This is a well thought out process. It is organic and very useful.
Tôi luôn yêu mến cô gái này vì nghị lực và sự giản dị mộc mạc mà ko có tiên nữ nào sánh được. Cầu chúc cho bạn luôn thành công và bình yên trong tâm hồn.
Full of love 滿滿的感動 ️
Красиво очень!! Все делается по старинке!!!
a lifestyle like her's often gets romanticised because it's pretty. I love how she always shows the actual long hard work that goes into her everyday life.
You can see in her nails that shes really hardworking,,I'm so jealous of her, shes like an angel fallen from up above
Can she marry me so I can learn all of this and we’ll be the power couple of the century? Like she knows so much and nothing goes to waste and my heart is literally beating with so much love and respect for everything she does and all the work she puts into it. I really hope she sees my marriage proposal here and is also bi or lesbian, thank you potential future waifey
Very hard working lady.. I'm so proud of you sis
I was helping my mother paint the living room and once I finished my lower back, shoulder and legs were killing me, I wonder how she copes doing this on a daily basis. Amazing
If you out there wanna know if  Liziqi' s video is for real? you can look at her grandma's genuine delightful and proud face,while she was watching every steps her grand daughter made while she was
 tailored- making the beautiful mattress for her!
you can't fake that kind of expression!
goosebumps all over again when I was child Around 20years ago we used to have such some cotton trees in our field and my grandmother use to do such cotton works but with different tools/methods.and I remember once I made small kind of tool for her and she used to tell stories about her younger times about  weaving cotton .such a hard work now the technologies has changed a lot in the last 2decades this make me remember old times my grandmother once againLove From NEPAL tq for your hard work and dedication  li ziqi.
This is absolutely amazing and fascinating!
And the warm cover for the dog is adorable
Very impressive. This videos make me sleepy that's how relaxing & beautiful they are
You are just amazing ️
I actually really love this series of the life of a blank :>
Last scene made me fall in love with you I wish to meet and learn from you and spend time with you Liziqi.. 

Lots of Love from India🇮🇳
I love how simple her life is. I feel relaxed watching her videos and it made me realize how toxic office life is. Some of us dreams of living in a luxurious home but her way living is what I've always wanted
She is the greatest woman I have ever seen  love u Liziqi..
I wish we'd been taught useful stuff like this when we were growing up, in school - instead of having to sit through hours of useless crap, in which we had no interest. With skills like this one is independent, self-reliant.This is why they don't teach it in schools.
Veo tantas cosas nuevas si nuestros paises intercambiaran   conocimientos q grandes serian soy de peru y aqui   no sabemos tantas cosas nuevas
Unbelievable.....how can someone so pretty, so young do all that by herself... Wow Liziqi....fantastic.....thankyou...from UK
I love your hard work ,I have no words ..️
Aw, even the little dog gets a blanket <3
I have never seen it before and it is so beautiful you are working hard for you I really Appreciate that
She told her grandma: “Grandma, take care and keep warm, good night!”. Then she whispered softly to her puppy: Chinese New Year is coming, I’m making you a new duvet too.”
lần đầu thấy có cô gái giỏi thế này chuyện gì cũng biết làm nhìn cảnh quê thật đẹp
Such a talented girl she is"!!!!!️️
After seeing her work I realized that nothing is impossible
Amó tus videos 
These videos are so calming I swear
I will never look at my cotton quilts the same way again, so much work to make one (although mine must be made by machines), Still, it makes me appreciate this daily stuff much more now. Thanks for the education, ZiQi 
This video take lots of effort. Salute to lizqi and team.
Even after so much organic farming, her soil is so healthy and fertile.
Какая умница,  сколько старинных техник изготовления она знает!
Grocery stores and retailers: exists
Liziqi: also exists
Grocery stores and retailers: Lets pretend we didn’t see that-
好纯朴的一家人
she makes everything looks easy from planting to harvesting ,i wanna have a garden and plant everything too!
I fell in love with her. She looks so beautiful doing that much hard work. True beauty. Real life queen not a princess
Omgosh!
The way she wrapped her dog was so adorable.She's truly a pure soul and it reflects on everything she does! Hats off,lady...The perfectionist of YOUTUBE ️
Любуюсь этой девушкой. Умница, красавица. Природа супер!
Love it that you always take care of your beloved Grandmother.
I love the last minute, what a loving heart humanity 
Incredible!
I feel like u r loaded with super powers!
God bless u!
Những video của bạn này trông thật bình dị. ️
She's not just can do everything, but she's professional in EVERYTHING.
Greetings from Germany. Amazing video thank you Liziqi, you are working hard I watching your video most every video you do the best thing including your food.  Love you..
Really impressive and hard worker she is  ...hats off to you
Ola aqui do BRASIL. AMEI
Que mulher rmaravilhosa!
Мастерица на все руки! Мудрая девушка!
I pray her and her grandma are okay during this time... they live quite isolated from large populations so I hope they’re safe
Miss you very much, hope to see your new video soon! Happy Chinese New Year 
How Is This Possible I Can't Believe My Eyes I Think Liziqi IS The Best Women I have ever seen in my life i love her so much liziqi
I love your videos,very talented
Unbelievable talent!
Que linda eres con tu abuelita y tu perrito, saludos
What she does, its extremly important to this world, and its one of the things thats makes internet and youtube worth.
Потрясающие ролики!
It really makes you realise how much cotton it takes to make the clothes and bedding we take for granted every day!
Liziqi is the most intelligent and resourceful human that I’ve run across since working with Dr. Francis Crick. Her videos should be mandatory in high schools and every American should watch these. The knowledge that she has accumulated in just 30 short years is astounding! The homestead that her family started around 60 years ago, and the foraging abilities in the surrounding forests are THE prototype for self sufficient living for our planet!
Li Ziqi the English titles of your videos are great, and super funny
I feel peacefully when i watch your video, what a good place to live
After watching few of her videos, my thoughts changed from what else she might know to what else she might not know
Liziqi keren banget, banyak banget keterampilannya.. 
I almost started to cry when, even after all that hard work for her Granny’s bed and she must have been exhausted, Ziqi took the time to make that beautiful little bed/cover for her dog!
Who is in for entertainment and knowledge at the same time ??
1.5 million subscribers she deserves it
A movie of #Hollywood level! Great effort, Top quality filming! Inspirational!
I swear even her dog has a better blanket then me.
Thật tuyệt vời, liziqi thật giỏi, rất thích video của liziqi
My sister asked me are princesses real 
I showed her your video 
Her reaction was really beautiful 
This young woman is a true super-hero..she is selfless, beautiful, and watching her fills me with such love and joy..she is amazing.
Прекрасное видео как будто смотришь фильм
Боже.. Какая потрясающая девушка, просто богиня. Кстати почему я никогда не вижу русских комментариев? Неужели я одна смотрю на эту красоту????
She is living my dream life
Ты поразительна
What a talent her every vedios are highly impressed
She does all this work yet still manages to look like a princess.
She is amazing!! 
I’m extremely impressed by her . She’s the most hard working woman I’ve ever seen such a proud
Very talented and hardworking women 
Que trabajadora, 
Respect beyond words. May she continue to be resourceful like this.. Such a pleasure to know that we still have this kind of exquisite treasure in the world
Eu amo ver o que  ela faz
很棒的一集， 讚
After watching her channel I admire her hardwork, her willingness to do something until finish, her dedication for doing the all those labor. This also made me realize how great the nature is, for giving us everything we need. Watching her reminding me say thankful to this wonderful modest life, all this time I have been working hard but not to my heart content but for the sake of papers. Wish I can do more of nature labor this year to refresh my mind.
I just like how happy the grandma was
A kind life that everyone was trying to run away initially, and has now been a dream for all.
Hello mam ! I become such a big big big big big big big fan of your’s from INDIA .... always shine , keep going like this , hardwork always pay ..... i really want to meet you one day if i got a chance .. so much of love and support to you from here ... m inspired by you.   after watching your video while going to bed at night make me feel like watching a fairy tale and a lesson though .. pray to god for good luck to you .... love you liziqi didi ️️
Patience always results in something nice. 
I love her taking care of animals instead of eating them... 
Creators like her by spending such a length time and puttimg on great effort to make few minutes of video, are making YouTube experience alive. And those puppies gives the extra points to this video. 
Me encantó este video saludos desde Bolivia
Que escena más bella y tierna al cobijar tu perrito!!!!!
Stunning.
Live in peace and love. 
Thank you. ️
What a wonderful use of nature!
綿の木から綿を収穫して、お祖母様の布団を作ってあげるなんて本当に心優しい人ですねワンチャンの布団まであなたの知識や技術には、驚くばかりです
Mind blowing and magical! Making the little dog blanket and covering him so tenderly without waking him was pure love. Nothing short of perfection. I can't stop watching it.
Молодец! Умница! Красавица!
I think about how much she can do and make, and remember Granny was part of teaching her everything she knows and I just get so happy seeing two strong women out here kicking ass on the regular. 
I can sense the level of purity
Thank you for giving this to me before dying ️
So caring ️
Сколько времени занимает это производство, а ведь еще и шелк из выращенного шелкопряда, вино из винограда, сласти и заготовки на зиму... Готовка в печке с дровами...
Делает ограду, приспособления для пряжи.. Да и за бабушкой надо ухаживать, готовить пищу, стирать, шить... заниматься курами, утками и пр... И всё это так без спешки.. размерено

И это все один человек?
The cotton tree grows so fast and we had to like a hell in Egypt. The worst part is taking out seeds from it but we are proud of great quality cotton.
The dog one was so cute 
anybody else watching her vids out of sheer escapism..like god what a life ,to own a plot of land and farm and make so many things yourself?? shes really one of the most wonderful content creators
Вот это мастерица!
讓我想起鄉下的生活，好感動！
Wow amazing such a talent God bless you  sister
Wunderschön 
無法形容的女人！絕對是獨一無二，絕無僅有！
The fact that she made a mattress for her grandma and also her dog but didn't even think of making something for herself !!!!! True selflessness ️️️
ماشاء الله اللهم يحفظك العظيم  من كل مكروه ويعطيكي الصحه والعافيه  ويرزقك من حيث لاتحتسبين تذكريني بنفسي عندما كنت بعمرك كلي نشاط وحيويه ومعنويا  مفعمه بالحياه صديقتك من العراق
I blame the greatest generation in the world for letting their children and grandchildren be brainwashed.
Life shouldn't be "easy".
Life should have meaning, purpose and love.
People who take pride in their effort tend to be much more kind 
Handing people everything only makes them selfish...
Thank you for a beautiful video
3:20 Liziqi’s puppies are cute but biting the cotton balls are not so good for them.
Building a bed for her grandma herself is a wonderful winner of design, she wins on the world championships
WOW! she know everything and now I am learning everything from her
李子柒的视频真实及质朴无做作！
Just found this channel. She's like a real life Disney princess!  Love it.
Вы потрясающая девушка....
Every person after watching Liziqi: "What have I been doing with my life, and I hope her back and wrist is still okay."
Wow great sister  your hard work God bless you 
"Work hard and have patience then you will achieve something one day" 

Ela é  demais
She is a soo kind lady...i love to watching her Videos
Jovem prendada e trabalhadora
She is soooooo crazy Clever girl and the part that it makes her Stand out in my own Opinion is, her love for her grandmother.  This Alone will Lead her to more Blessing in her life ahead. Great gift for a Grandmother. Is a LOVING granddaughter .
Unbelievable! I admire labor! What a good fellow! And what a fool - I am!)))
Ziqi is the most beautiful "forced labor" we've ever had in Chinese history
Oh man! This background music is just outstanding  ️
Just why is there 25 thousand low life people who disliked this beautiful work? How is that even possible?
Sometimes I feel like she is a spiritual godess that got lost in the human world
Fun fact: This handcraft stills runs in Li Ziqi’s family. That’s why she have all basic ingredients and tools using traditional Chinese techniques.
You are very intelligent...lot's of love from India ️️️
This type of lifestyle is Amazing
I really liked this video so I went back and rewatched it.
If you put this on netflix this will blow up like crazy
More than ten years ago, there were still floating businessmen who made a living from this. Mobile businessmen will come to the community near the winter. People will take out old quilts and pay a low price. Mobile businessmen will take out the stiff cotton from the quilt. Reorganize to make the old quilt fluffy and warm. The whole process will not take too long.
How can people dislike this? This is pure elegance and life simplicity.
Thank you for making this kind of content, this pandemic people cant travel but we are still seeing beautiful places and learning other culture from your content! 
Thank you for inspiring me to create countryside life content! Love from the Philippine countryside ️🇵🇭
I live with anxiety and panic disorders. I can't describe how relaxing this girl's videos are to me. She is amazing.
Absolutely no words for this girl
Estos bellos vidéos me relajan ya que sufro de anciedad
I like your Videos. Plz Create more. I always support you
the last part was so sweet 
她这年纪在农村，估计也是见不到弹棉花的。70后80后还有些记忆，能把中国传统的一些东西展现出来是很好的
The best thing about her is how she cares and treating her grandmother  the rest isn’t precious as much as that
真是全方位，什麼都會，太驚人了！
Wow! Absolutely flabbergasted! She does it all in the space of a day or do? But does that cotton fluff stay put on the inside where it is woven in the blanket?
liziqi you are one of my inspiration for making videos i know i have a long way to go to become successful but im hoping that someday i become an inspiration to others too.my videos is not good as yours because i do it alone and im hope that someone will appreciate it too.it will be a big help and i will be thakful for that..
You are very talented!
Predivna žena puna ideja. Žao mi je što recepti jela koje sprema nemaju srpski prevod. Mladen.
I actually teared up when you made her dog a mini comforter.
No many words to push people to listen. Very peaceful
Love this video so much!
It's really pretty I also tried it it took a long time but made a dress only took one day
Dear God,
Please bless her grandma with good health and long life since she's the only person whom she can call her own.
What style of weaving (is it considered weaving) did she use to make the mattress /futon/? I'd like to make something like that but can't visualize the pattern.
I pray that she, her grandma, and her pets never get hurt or sick. They're sweet.
Esta chica si se esfuerza encerio
Anyone feels peaceful when watch her videos?
Her videos can help to take away the stress of life. Love from Singapore 🇸🇬
The ordinary people of the Chinese nation have been living like this for thousands of years. Manual work, farming economy, pure natural and pollution-free, until the advent of Western civilization changed everything. When the entire Chinese nation is like Li Ziqi, industrializing and informatizing the entire country with diligence and wisdom. And at the same time there is a higher pursuit of a higher and better future for mankind, such as artificial intelligence, the Internet of Everything, and space technology. Li Ziqi's video appeared before our eyes like an angel's performance. When we (Western, Eastern...) stand in the reinforced concrete forest of the city, at the moment of the pandemic of the world. We fell in love with Li Ziqi's lifestyle. Li Ziqi never expected that she would be loved by so many audiences all over the world. This is a hint. At the crossroads of this turbulent world, where shall we go?
Beautiful work 
Your videos is inspiring.  thanks for u
I hope god give you a lot of strength so that you can take care of your grandma and I'm wishing someday there's a person you can spend your life with so that someone can take care of you too
永远期待姐姐的视频！！！！！
Is there anything this lady cannot make?  She is so amazing.  Her grandparents taught her well.
Brazil - I love your videos. Thanks.
给小狗也做了一个被子 真好 温暖
She's a beautiful person who give you a nice life!
God bless you sweetheart!
Nopo mawon saget dan hasilnya luar biasa trimakasih inspirasi nya kak Liziqi...
2 tahun yg lalu saya menyimak semua vidio"nya hingga sekarang walau itu jarang
one thing that i wonder since i watch all of her vid....how can she not be bored of doing a task for a long time.....then there is me being bored of watching online class for literally 5 minutes
The tremendous amount of hardwork she does....is on a whole different level league!!!!!!! and little new members to the family
Amazing. Just imagine how warm it would be to sleep with it
Really amazing 
Love from SRILANKA 
How happy her grandma is!  you are very caring human being 
Oh my! someone help me! Why is she so dam nice. Nice to her grandma and even to her puppy.
Wow I am so proud of you
She does everything with perfection! This takes many many years of experience. Her Grandma must be very proud. Not anyone can do what she does. 
Love your videos!
好強喔～版主幾乎全能耶，什麼都會
Very much adorable when she makes something for her grandma n Tommy as well with her own hands. The way she puts on doggy is so carefully and love
 Heart feeling.
Excellent work sister 
Tradition in the flesh; simply beautiful.
miss asian girl! I wish for a whole bunch of happiness in all your life! I cant believe how beautiful of a girl you are! your 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit! that's 1,600 degrees Celsius I love you sooo much also the look on your face is magnificent and your voice sounds beautiful!
Awww the sleeping dog at the end was so cute.
Hâm mộ thật sự 
Liziqi:  Just wanted to send my best wishes.  I hope that all of you are safe from the corona virus.  My heart and prayers are with the Chinese people, and all the others suffering from this.  Much love and respect from the USA.
I am inspired by all this. We keep missing   something that all this are subjected to history preservation in relation to culture and to film this a way of documenting for future referencing. Current trend of life styles  has Changed the past life styles
Fascinating and beautiful.  I wish the advertising would wait until the video is finished before pasting photos on top of the ending.
em rất thích cach thiên nhiên em mong chị luôn luôn khỏe mạnh
You're so hard working️
She is beautiful, kind, talented and she is living in peaceful life  :)
She is amazing. Watching this makes me question everything I complain about in life.
What a patience , really amazing
Why is anyone not seeing the mattress she made for her sweet puppy .....so cute Liziqi.... :)
U are soo talented 
Вот умница .Одеало и подушки из хлопка а не синтетика (синтепон) .Умница .
Liziqi your my idol ️, salam dari Indonesian🇮🇩
After watching this and given the fact I have always enjoyed living at the village, helping out my grandparents, growing our own food and herding the livestock. I am going back soon as I complete my studies
i want to live with her lmaooo
Omg that made me cry when she tucked the pup up and she adores her grandmother. She is a very hardworking lady and I wish her only the best 
Machines is Nothing to her. There's she can't do.️
Wow! She is the greatest women.
I love your videos! Thank u
I wish I could live in China it's too beautiful.
U r so kind liziqi mam I wish I could meet u ever
Me: watches her grow cotton and make bed for grandma.
Also me: AWWW YOU MADE ONE FOR YOUR DOG
My love.I have a wish to have a wife like you.she will work hard, plant trees,take care to her family members like you.️️️
So much work bravo much respect
My parent seperated and leave me with my grand parents 4 years when i was 6 yeas old. Now you make me cry of missing them. Gods bless you my angel.
Just beautiful! 
Liziqi,I m ur big fan,ur life style is amazing,I want to live that life but I cannot..
Oh..lord how much patience is needed for this.
She is a Miracle : )
I want  to  became  like u lizigi ..i love all  ur video . It's very addicted. ..
Gila si ni cwek serba bisa 
Kayak gak ada males2nya 
Semua kontennya menakjubkan
Lindos vídeos com a trilha sonora de Naruto, tudo de bom 
I love the place where you live and Amazing work 
Just loved it
HOW MANY INTERNATIONAL FANS ARE HERE FOR LIZIQI ??
Subtitles：

00:01 grain rain

00:21 seeding
 
00:38 grow seedlings
 
00:42 grain in ear
 
00:58 transplant
 
01:14 bloom
 
01:20 cotton boll
 
03:21 Ah, do you want cotton for snacks?
 
03:24 Come on, grandma, hug it.
 
03:27 Be good good doggy
 
03:42 Remove cottonseeds
 
04:18 Oh,grandma, this one has to be repaired.
 
04:22 It’s crooked, and this one rotten.
 
04:57 Oh no, this one rotten too.
 
05:08 bowstring
 
05:11 Grandma, need some help here.
 
05:33 Hah, this will work.
 
07:06 Beating..
 
07:16 Beewax
 
07:23 Waxing
 
07:40 Fluffing
 
08:15 Ah, this one really need some strength, my wrist hurts.
 
08:33 Have some medicated wine, you will feel better tomorrow.
 
09:06 Sewing up the edges
 
10:27 I will make one for you too, All right? It's new year.   Right on.
 
11:09 Good doggy


Some of the subtitles are copied from the subtitles translated by other people which hasn't been reviewed, so thanks to them!
Liziqi speaks Sichuan dialect so I couldn't get everything she said, but this is most of it.

I'm still working on my English, so if there are any improper translations please don't mind, and it would be nice if you point it out so I can learn.
Wow. Her videos are very aesthetic. I wonder who her videographer is 
I feel this woman is a miracle. Truly an artist in every sense of the word.. She's Spectacular!
This is really lovely, but after carding the cotton, they didn't show any of it being woven. The spools of cotton she uses were definitely not homespun. I'll accept that, in the name of appreciating the escapism of this, but I would have liked them to at least briefly show the spinning process.
Lindoooooo!!!!!
Wow so Beautiful. Nature i don't understand why other people don't liked..she is sweet an hardworking girl..
She inherits all the traditional Chinese culture
子柒越來越搞笑了
The love she put into what she made for her grandmother and little dog is absolutely beautiful.  ️
She is a wonder girl knows everything lots of love prayers from pakistan
Showing a soothing view of the nature! Love from Afghanistan
Me when video starts: When is this gonna end
Me when video ends: NO!!!! DON'T EEEENNNNNNDDDD!!!!
you are the best woman that ever existed, not just yesterday but today and tomorrow and the next hundred decades
Молодец на все руки мастер
I hope you will Not be affected by corona Virus and you will have a long life. My life changed because of seeing you doing this amazing things with so much calmness! Bless you!<3
Невероятно!!
ЗОЛОТЫЕ РУКИ! 
БРАВО!
Masyaallah cantik banget ️️
Well made with love, and no bad chemicals. Returns back to the earth naturally.
Teach your children well
To all the people of China my heart and prayers are with you. Be safe, be strong and please make it through this illness.
Magnifique 
This girl is really too special for this world... An All in One type of human being (:
Умничка 
Doh!  She made a little doggy bead/duvet! ️
You are great sister 
STRONG WOMAN!!! U'RE SO PERFECT!!
She is so hard worker 
this is the girl we all dreamed to be as a child.
Amazing ️
Li Ziqi represents the Original Chinese Culture where nothing with its back to the sun was wasted
If the Chinese are allowed freedom to flower they will flourish better...
姐姐好厉害，个个视屏都千万播放！！
Full of intelligence liziqi
나는 그들이 콘텐츠에서 제공하는 것을 존경합니다 ... 당신은 정말 훌륭합니다. 
she made a whole futon for her grandma and a bed for her dog  if that isn’t amazing i don’t know what is
Really, how beautiful and wonderful your work is perfect and skillful
Que hermoso
You are brave girl God bless you
Liziqi inspired me ,she's a IDOL
She is do Amazing person
the fact that she has almost 11M subs and she doesn’t start her vids with “whAts uP guYS SmAsh thAt LiKE BuTtOn!”
Son unos de los TOPGIRLS.Uno

Sun: ''Hotter'' 
Sugar: ''Sweeter'' 
Joonie: ''Cooler'' 
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 

Son unos de los mejores conciertos.#垃圾
The smile on her grandma face when she sat on the bed was priceless. Such a precious granddaughter
No doubt she was taught from childhood ,the old ways, by her grandmother. She would be very proud of her. We from the western world,mostly taught ourselves to do any kind of craft. All asian countries are like this.
فديواتها عبارة عن استرخاء 
Org2 dari daratan tiongkok itu memang terkenal gigih,kreatif,dan cerdas menurutku. from Indonesia.
Awesome, so much learning
Кто ты девочка прекрасная волшебница, рукодельница.  Дело мастера бояться!
I can't help but admire her hard work ethic. She puts so much thought, love and dedication into her videos. People don't realize how hard and how much work goes into this.. Not only making the videos the but the actual work she's doing. You are AMAZING Liziqi.  keep being the beautiful smart and hard working girl that you are. I can see the love and respect you have for your grandmother. Its truly a rarity these days you are a diamond!
Simply beautiful.
I'm so amazed to see the magic of her hands liziqi
I am Azim, Bangladesh is my home. Your video is very beautiful. When I have time, I watch the videos. Can I upload these videos of yours using Bangladeshi language? If allowed, I would upload them to my channel in Bengali.
Wow it's amazing  i can't believe ..us ladkine kitni mahenat ki hai very nice...
You are very kindly woman.all the best your future.
Me and my daughter have been thinking about you. We hope that you and your grandmother are well. We're also glad that you have all of these survival skills so that it is hopefully easier to stay home until this threat has passed.
Superb ️️love from kerala, India
童年裡的彈棉花被， 很懷念！
wow im happy to know you. you are amazing
Nature give us everything…and what we have done for nature!
Rất giỏi, khá khen cho 1 cô gái
It brings tears to my eyes how she takes care of her granny.
The people that dislike this must be either very misinformed or just made of stone.
OMG, EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- i got Free Gift Cards from  DATEUS.UNO 
I would love to live like this. She's an ancient sprit that came back into the world to teach us the true meaning of life.
This place is heaven
非常自然和平靜的生活
I think Liz's grandmother used to be like her. I mean wherelese would she have learn all of these right? M sure she learnt all these watching her grandma do them for years.
The effort man, you can't hate!
厉害啊，这些手艺现在没有多少人会了
How nice the little guilt she made for her little dog. "I would a new guilt for you as the CNY it is approaching", she said to the dog, and she made one for her. Wish I could be the dog under that nice guilt in her home :-)
“弹棉花”  Tan Mian Hua (Fluffing cotton), is a job in which has been fading out in China. It was a skillful job conducted by the strong  and skillful men. 
The instruments includes an about 1m long wooded stick, an about 1.2m long bamboo bend with a  (2.4m depends ) string (normally made of a refined leather because of elastic and tenacious ) and a wooden club. 
The worker has a belt on his waist and the one side of the stick through on the back.The bamboo bend is hocked on the another side of the stick and the left hand hold the bend with the string down. How to work: left hand hold the bend with string move back and forth, up and down to the cotton, meanwhile the right holds the wooden club keeping playing the string. The string jumping like spring up-and-down on the cotton of which the way to fluff the cotton from the big mass into a piece of feather.   
 It mainly operates in the countryside, some people had no piece no land or some of them had poor economy from the land, whatever the reasons. The work literally documents in Yuan dynasty 1271-1368 which means the existence long before that. In the past, the demand of fluffing cotton normally occurred in the later autumn or winter because the farming were done and people became to prepare something for their families, new cloth, shoes and new guilt. That was the season for fluffing cotton to make something. At that moment of planned economy, very few people would be able pay for cash. Many of them paid with grains, a piece of meat, or half fish or some eggs or some sugar....
Nowadays, it has totally gone from many Chinese people's life as we are at the industrialization. Ziqi's video gives us a study of common knowledge from a seed of cotton of how the cotton grows up and what does it looks like and the way of cotton have become a guilt. It is an education. It does not warm her granny, her dog and it warms us, the audiences of the world. Thank you very much, Ziqi for sharing with us.  Happy Chinese New Year. All the best for the descriptions (it is 8.37 million) jumping over 1 billion in the year of Rat :-)
She is the ikon of all woman and symble of woman's power, patience
She is great
Extreme level of hardwork: LIZIQUI
Oh my god...she is so hardworking...Love from Pakistan
very nice mam macking the cotton ....am leaving india and see your program very nice .....am big fan of you 
I love how she take care of everyone around her... Grandma and the dog
I have not words for you,you are amazing
How do you know so many things almost perfectly ?! That too at such a young age :)
真是多才多藝
She is just superb  . She can do anything
Liz iqu can you tell us about the ingredient you use..many I’ve never heard of or seen before .never mind how to cook with them .than you in advance
She's a great human.
When I was little I wanted to do stuff like this. Make my own furniture, bedding, clothing, etc.
I wanted to live in a farm with my own family.

It's been 30 years and I still highly admire work like this. Unfortunately I wouldn't be able to live in a farm because I have a high fear of insects and mosquitoes.

Really awesome production CCP!
i appreciate the amount of time they took to make each scene.. it must have took them hours and days to show us these beautiful scenes ! 

meanwhile all i can do and brag is the amount of time me spending watching youtube or her videos 
so amazing 
Masya ALLAH 
Very patience lady️
Beautiful story and song music ️
How hard working is she omg
All the people who disliked this video are the problem with this world. No appreciation for anything. I am thoroughly impressed with her hand-making skills. Very interesting and beautiful.
Thank you for such healing video.
Non avevo mai visto lavorare il cotone. Video molto rilassante e di ispirazione
這標題…子柒少見的幽默感
අනර්ගයි ඔබේ වැඩකටයුතු
ඔබට තෙරුවන් සරණයි!
I am malayali i watch this. Channel I really like your veidos and hardword keep going ️
The patiences she have is probably what my mom was lecturing about me needing have. 
Waw Riley mind blowing your work 
Wow that kind person and what a climate 
Multi-talented girl 
Nana petting that tiny pup. My life is complete
Me: I wish I could live such a simple and fulfilling life.
Also me: I need 10 types of meds before I get out of bed in the morning.
Imagine if school taught us all the things she knew, we would be well off and able to live comfortably.  We would be able to do everything ourselves and wouldnt be damaging the planet much at all
Is there a video or website that explain how to do this too or why they do certain steps? I’d appreciate it if someone could share with me.:)
She doesn't need money...because she did herself everything what she needs..so proud of miss liziqi
This is priceless ️....anmol
Một ngươi mà biết yêu động vật là một ngươi tốt ... chúng tôi yêu quý bạn ở nhân cách sống... công ngôn đức hạnh....
COULD YOU PLEASE SHOW US HOW TO MAKE COTTON CANDY ?  ASKING FOR MY BLONDE WIFE.
Such a great work...
45 million people came to see how's cotton life is. 

and I'm one of them lol.
She is the kind of girl that can make a home comfortable, and secure.
이것은 내 인생 최고의 비디오입니다.️
The bananas look so good at the one part ,love from hawaii
I will be grateful to anyone who can tell me the name of ingredient (white powder) she added while boiling 
i would seriously die , if i work so much !!
i envy you!!
Soo nice product she made ,what a lovely
this makes me realize how much stress we live under. with school, drama, friends, grades, just go outside for a little and weave yourself a flower crown. breath. the world may do many things to you, but if you can appreciate what the world does best, it will give it to you. all we worry about is the drama, the grades, the work, the pressure, the "trying to be best at something" thingy, but deep down we don't depend on that to survive. look around, and whenever you feel discouraged or left out, just try something new. breath in and out, in and out. appreciate what the world has given you.
You are amazing   
Chinese people are great I respect their work Wow wow Chinese are number one in the world for working hard
Her title in Chinese: 'Cotton- I promise I'll think of a title for next series hahaha'
I love all her videos and this one was super interesting. But the piano melody at the end gave me existential dread this time.
Hard workingmay god bless you️
I know I’m not the only one who got teary eyes when Liziqi wrapped the puppy in his own wittle blanket. All snuggled in & loved 
May Allah bless you with boundless happiness.
Her: plants seeds.
Me: wow
Her: replants seeds.
Me: wow
Her:cut seeds
M: wow
H:picks cotton
M: wow
H: makes cotton flower arrangement 
M: wow
Her: makes cotton mattress pad with bamboo and string.
M:
Always impressive such skill
It's just amazing 
有夠厲害佩服佩服
Son unos de los mejores ToPGiRlS.UnO
los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer
Megan: ''Hotter''
Hopi: ''Sweeter''
Joonie: ''Cooler''
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 



Senada: ''Hermoso.''
 Amor. ''Momentos.''
Jamas.: ''Corazon.''
Habara.: ''Sostengo. .''


Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente.
hay nomas pa ra reirse un rato y no estar triste y estresado por la vida dura que se vive hoy..
Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas.
y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad.en.los.corazonede.
tus.admiradores......feliz
Navidad.y.noche.buena....mis.respeto.para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo. ..
For me, if she's to be a princess character in a movie, Ghibli it is. Not Disney.
In the US I was raised in the South where we grow cotton...and I know how hard work it is...this was a lovely video...thank you
Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩 
আমি  তোমার ভিডিও দেখে অনুপ্রেরণা পাই ( i get inspired by  watching your videos.
道具を見れば、今はもうこんな作業はやってないのが解ります。
昔はこうやて綿を作ってたんですね。
こういう動画は今や貴重な存在です。
すごすぎる️
This is one of the greatest things I have ever witnessed
She knows how to make anything
I admire this lady on a spiritual level. The sheer resilience, diligence and willpower exudes overwhelms me. I love how wholesome and pure her affection towards her grandmother is. To a certain point I’m kind of jealous but that jealousy is what makes me strive to be a better person. I wish I could communicate to my grandmother the same way she does and I wish I could be as hardworking as her. The more videos I watch of this lifestyle the more I start to change those “I wish” to “I will”, watching how peaceful life seems there fills me with a sense of determination... but I’m still procrastinating doing Science revision
You are my teacher! Thankyou
So hard working Liziqi....
someone knows the name of the tool he uses to soften the cotton
Très jolie vidéo  liziqui  la magicienne
Her: graphs out an intire mattress
 me :can barely do long division
Her hand was hurt while making the mattress but she continued weaving for her grandmother. I wish to achieve such high level of dedication.
Amazing work ... Love it from Pakistan
I’ve seen artisans do this when I was a kid, and it takes a lot of physical effort to make a cotton quilt this way. She’s really amazing.
Emek, en yüce değerdir.
Beautiful Traditional Chinese life that ignored by contemporary people who under a competitive society.pure and peaceful
你願意為你的祖母自製毯子，你很漂亮，非常善良，願你得到祝福的上帝。
Wow she is amazing 
Hi I admire you for your doings.A new friend from Hongkong.
needs a mattres
Me: ok let’s go to ikea
Her: plants cotton, harvests it, makes one entirely from scratch
Amazing 
حياتهم تجنن كمية الهدوء الي فالفيديو ما تنوصف 
Andaikata punya istri kaya dia, cantik, pinter masak, pinter berkebun, dll.
She's looking like small nd pretty princess bht she doing hard work like a I have no words speeches God bless you
Iam subscribing for your hard work and Tallent
She is so talented... I really hope the best for her and I hope she won't catch that horrible Coronavirus spreading around!
there’s gonna be one lucky man out there for her and i thought my husband  was the luckiest. 
Giỏi thật cái gì cũng biết làm, bái phục
Love from India 🇮🇳
I love your passion
U have lot of patience  good going
Protect this person at all cost. She is an inspiration. My bad for discovering her channel at this time only. But binge-watching won't hurt anyway.
我小时候在乡下 好像经过一个弹棉花的 作坊  记忆很淡 也许7，8岁以前的事。 但好像没见过老家哪里有种棉花的。 这个棉花的一生很有意义
She’s zero waste in everything she does, everything has its purpose. 
Никаких молитв, намазов, только один большой труд с утра до глубокой ночи, вот где счастье и любовь  рождаются️️️не зря  говорится, что Бог любит работящих!!!
It's like magic 
i  this video very nice
畫面中嫻熟操作農活的仙女，願妳遠離一切不屬於妳的塵囂和犬吠，繼續為我們演繹古風的美，為我們提供療癒心靈的力量
真是佩服!
子柒姑娘把中國老祖宗快要失傳的生活智慧透過視頻再度展現，讓優美的中華文化讓世界看見，妳太棒了！
a peaceful and simple life i like very much
I just want to have such BUTful n hardworking woman in my life! I mean there is nothing that she does not know how to do it?
Việt Nam yêu bạn... chúng tôi luôn yêu quý cô gái Trung Hoa này.... quá xuất sắc...
， 十幾分鐘的影片，濃縮的是春夏秋冬!
Natural beauty is too . Love from 🇮🇳
I want a friend and life coach or instructor like her. I'm willing to learn manual labor for a year. Blessings to you li. May your work and labor be prosperous.
Getting addicted to good things is so healthy
I've never seen sucha beautiful woman work so hard like that
She seems to be from another planet. OMG
She is a real princess in her generation.
Who's those people disliked this wonderful video....I mean seriously ....
I think her grandma is the luckiest grandma in this whole world ...
Wow.. how cool 
When she cuddles up that puppy and it was so sleepy and cute. Heartmelting
this life looks so rewarding
What is the technique at 8.43-9.25 called? Is that any of weaving, knitting or felting? Or is it something else?
What loving owner dog and granddaughter
You are so talented...
真的是太厲害了
Her grandmother is so lucky to have her. She really love her
You make my cry of joy.
She is a Goddess 
Ziqi  you working so hard  your all video so nice I like your every video
我感觉这段歌词可以接着唱下去一下子升华主题 
复制高赞评论:
 
弹棉花哟弹棉花
半斤棉弹成八两八哟
旧棉花弹成了新棉花哟
弹好了棉被那个姑娘要出嫁
哎哟嘞哟嘞，哎哟嘞哟嘞
弹好了棉被那个姑娘要出嫁
那个姑娘要出嫁
 
弹棉花哟弹棉花
东洋的鬼子烧又杀哟
情郎哥参了军要开拔哟
弹好了棉被那个姑娘掉泪花
 
弹棉花哟弹棉花
扯出了棉花手中拿哟
改一条棉裤防霜打哟
弹一件棉袄给那情郎挡雪花
哎哟嘞哟嘞，哎哟嘞哟嘞
打跑了鬼子那个哥哥早回家
那个哥哥早回家
Wow u are amazing person 
Well of course she grows her own cotton, picks it, cards it, and looms it, and turns into a nice soft mattress.  This woman is a new kind of secret avenger or something.
She is pure kind hearted woman
Amazing ️️️
第一次看棉花種植，採棉花 
Liziqi at her best
Beautiful.... Interesting.... Hardworking... Nice Lady....🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
This woman is clearly an empath. That's why she's so loved and loving.
That’s what I call a hardworker
She makes everything possible...theres nothing else that she cant do
Здравствуйте 
С чем почистили хлопок от семян. Этот способ быстрее чем с руками делать?
Hard work Women
Love From INDO🇮🇳
napakagaling nmm nito.
from Philippines 
It's unbelievable, she knows everything.....
She is worth to be named "Wonder woman"
this girl’s intelligence n the things she can create are far beyond me
very talented woman . 
Can you shoot this video by yourself? Or do you need whole crews?
I will be lucky enough if i get to marry a young and responsible women like miss liziqi.
This girl is very hardworking
THE ASMR SOOO GOOOD
I like this beautiful girl so much, it's not only because she could do everything which we think that it's impossible to be finish by a person even a woman, but also i could feel the beauty of eastern civilization from her, every scean and each lanslide in video remind me of how chinese culture is attractive. The most important thing is that many of us have lost us into the fast and new thing from western culture instead of pursing chinese traditional culture and spiritful thing. This video is deserved to recommend to our millennials who have obessed with so much thing from other country like Japan cartoon and anime, Korean K-pop. Let's hope that there are increasing this sort of traditional  promoted chinese culture video
The greatest woman in the would
Amazing
Love you girl I always support you 
Wow most genius women️
So cute name 
This woman is wonderful. In addition to being very talented, she is extremely strong and dedicated.
Wow you are an amazing girl!
That was an incredible video Li it brings back memories of my mother she died in 2014..and how we do that in Samoa but our cotton wool trees are tall you have to climb up and cut down or shake the brunches so that those dried bods can fall off the brunches and inside there are small seeds as well another hard work taking them off..it brought memories of how lazy I was cause I was young and lazy lol..now I'm 53.. i  dragged my feet ...when my mother said that we gonna make some new billows and mattresses..I hated it.but dont show too much.. ah ah...its a long long process..thanks for bringing back those good old memories with my loving mother and two young sisters thank you Li...you look amazing girl in this video...God bless you and your grandma and family 
I adore you
ما شاء الله 
يا ريتنا متلها 
وعيشين متلها المدينه الان صاخبه 
متل زمان واغراض زمان وطبيعه يا ريت
Beautiful if it's real not like 
Bear Grylls he broke my trust 
I believe him for 20years of my life confused how he manages his camera  but I ended up with trust issue 
Wow you can do anything 
Those who dislike her video they are jealous of her...lol
She makes me  wanna live on a far away mountain but then I remember I ain't got skills like her lol
그저... 대박이란 말밖에 ...
I am Sri Lankan. I like these videos very much
I like your video when i watch your video i remember cool and is sound is so beautiful and wow your video was amazing
Mamma mia che spettacolo!
you are so hardworking women
I know, i know, some of you are just too mesmerized by her and not watching what she's doing. For me, I needed to watch the video mulitple times. 1st time in awe, have never seen anything like this before (mouth wide open). 2nd time, i begin to notice the span of time this project took - the change of seasons, and change in her clothings. 3rd time, i studied her contraptions, which are worn and needed repair. So i deduced she does not do this project often, or at least not recently. Yet why is she so good at it!? She works on everything with such confident gusto. I floss my teeth everyday for 40yrs and have not figured out what length to use. 4th time, i re- watched my favorite parts - grandma, and the puppies! 5th time, i truely appreciated the cinematography of this entire video - always remembering that she's not only the actor, she's the producing and editor. How she anticipates when to zoom in and out, even for the same scene, plus aerial view, and sound mix between ambient and music, and always giving viewers and unexpected 5-10sec of heartwarming treats at the end. Science and art beautifully woven. Well done, LZQ! Thank you!
She looks like a angel
Liziqi represents the saying " woman don't need man" because she can do anything without a man's help , she can do man's job.
子柒真是太牛了！贊！贊！還是贊！
Omg, she is wonderful
Hii this is Neha ur videos are super nd excitement  will follow ur videos daily I will watch ur videos
She just made a mattress without using any technology and with her bare hand. I stan.
Amazing!!!
Living like her could be the key to save earth
If she accepts gifts can we send more garden gloves and hand cream to preserve her hands so she doesn't need to worry about buying :')
Imagine doing this all on your own yet being so calm, patient,and  beautiful️
Wow!
Her videos makes us realize how far the world has been led astray.

We have become so disconnected with mother Earth and on what really matters in life - family, humbleness and respect.
 fantastic way of working!
i'm fascinated by that tool she restored
its a really cumbersome thing for the very specific and delicate task of fluffing up cotton
Why would anyone dislike this? This woman is amazing and that's an understatement.
I wonder if it was grandma who taught her how to do everything, she seems to supervise Liziqi's work.

so amazing project!……
she made everything look so easy and cool. what you don't see in this video is relentless hard work
I am a big fan of u 
U are a Role model for are other girls
I don’t know what to say. I’m so speechless in everything that you did. You’re so amazing li ziqi ️
I’m from the 🇵🇭 and I always watch your videos. I always wait for you to upload new videos and you never fail to amaze me. So much love ️️️
The time we spend with our family are the best moments. I lover her relationship with her grandma, so precious
Absolutely mesmerizing. Watching her craft is like being in a dream, so much that you don't even realize how the time passes.
Very hardworking most and multi talented girl.i like very much is hardworking. 
这真的是最爱的频道了，经常全家四口一起看，边看边想着遥远的祖国，有和我一样的吗？
我想起我小时候了 ，我爸是弹棉花的，哈哈哈
SHE MADE A BLANKET FOR THE DOG I'M CRYING
When I watch this I feel like I travel from my own world to her world which is incredible ️️
I wish we could show this extraordinary work and beauty to our children in schools. This video is rich in learning, thoughts, reflections, human values, empathy..
actually i don’t have words to express how this  video was important to me. God bless you all people from China and everyone that is reading my comment. I felt so miserable..we should be glad for everything!
I find it very calming when I watch her videos. After a long exhausting day, I'll watch her videos to regain my energy.  Thank you
Que fofinho  vc é a melhor pessoa que eu já vi na minha vida parabéns e Deus te abençoe sempre️:) 11:05
別忘為自己縫1 床新棉花被子
Incrível que delícia ver seus vídeos 
子柒妳辛苦那麽久*要得到三餐溫保護著奶奶和妳一起生活*拍攝時很長一段時間*肯定很累*現在還要面對微念到官司*早跟講妳都不聽勸導一直被劉同明騙子趕快遠離他*太囂張了
i wanna live with her. No cars noises, no buildings, just peace.
I feel really happy 
she was working so hard just so that her grandma can sleep comfortably 
Cotton is my favourite. I had no clue of the amount of work involved.
Thank you sister.
God bless you, your family and friends, the sweet animals and gorgeous plants.
May everything you touch, be blessed with infinite love and joy!

 love from India
Watching you take care of your grandma and little dog was so heartwarming. I will forever be a fan now!!!
I loved this video and Li Ziqi what's she did.
This woman is inspiring. She lives the life I could only dream of...keep going, Ziqi. :)
QUE LINDO TRABALHO PARABENS
She is like fairy from heaven..So graceful and kind hearted
amazing woman!!!!
How effortlessly she does everything..
Thank you Ma'am
Salute for the patience and effort.
Each thing has a story.
The greatest woman who has ever lived in the world.....
I really don't understand how she can make anything she does look so beautiful. Her videos truly bring out the hidden beauty of nature. Aesthetic appeal is so much vivid in her videos that I can watch them over and over again( even when I don't understand anything ). Let's keep supporting her!!
Realmente te admiro, puedes hacer todo !
這是一個女孩！一個真正的年輕堅強女孩！做得好！

A strong girl, you can see it! Good girl.
OMG she is beauty with brain
Ur peaceful environment...... nd u r multi-talented talent girl.... everything is doing by u is so amazing......I hv no wrd fr explain ur praise. .  ......️️🇮🇳
Love from India
李你是純粹我學習汉语翻譯的原因。那麼強像古代英勇一樣的中国女生。我肯定當一個汉语翻譯就是為你，像你這樣的人是我的靈感。從土耳其希望你們平安無事，健康，舒服
So beautiful and exciting  to see the process of cotton.
Thật là ngưỡng mộ cô bé này, cháu rất nhiều tài ,
MEU Layk Layk gratidão
Me encanta todo lo que haces quiero aprender de vos 
She is queen of beauty
wtf she made a mattress!!! this woman can do literally everything
your gradma is very lucky for you because you have seen and experience the love and caring of all the things when you still young she took care of you and now its your turn. You're a genius you know everything.I pray someday you'll have family of your own and have many kids so that they wlll enjoy playing and eating to your beautiful backyard full of flowers trees with fruits and vegetables and many others its like paradise!!! I was so amazed!!  I love It!!!
I was amazed and very happy to see this video. A very process between plants in nature and a beautiful princess. Greetings success
Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
So much love for Grandma!
Wanita yang kuat dan pekerja keras...
She is the life,she is the world,she knows everything ,,she can only teaches how to survive life ,I believe from this fast food tastes good and kills so fast ,healthy food tastes no good but gives life's far better,she can makes quilt,she can make pickles,she can makes pillows,she can make dresses wow a lot she can makes ,,at least finally I  learnt something from her ,thanks youtube
Oi Ligid estamos com saudades  de seus  vídeos.  Está  tudo  bem?
Are you okay, Ziqi? I am really worried about the virus that is raging on the earth, especially your country. Hope you and your grandma will be fine. I will always support you. Everyone, please send a word of encouragement to her.
I'm in love with your work. So beautiful and artistic
Nunca había visto esto tan bello. hasta algodón besos para toda tu familia y para ti que eres la Reina del Universo xxxxxxElen
Wow you are very great girl 
Мне очень нравятся ее видео. Она может все, просто на руки мастер.
That's one hell of a complex procedure  just by watching i feel tired. Hats off girl
Thinking of all the Chinese people at this frightening time. Lizique, Grannie and friends stay safe and well. Love from another Grannie in Scotland
This girl molti talented ️
Ms. Liziqi, a lot of work, but you made beautiful and warm blankets.  Again one more time amazing us with your awesome work, we love you  : )
Rip to those people who say girls can only cook
It would take an miraculous type of man to be worthy of her. Beautiful, talented and hardworking.
Helal olsun sana cokkk güzel oldu.
Thank you 李子柒, I was going through a stressful time studying for my exams, and I was scrolling through utube trying to relax but I couldnt, until I found ur videos. Before, I was completely engrossed in achieving my  goals and ignoring whats happening around me, but watching ur videos have made me feel grounded to the present and start to appreciate whats happening around me. Thank you!!!
What a demonstration of a long lost country life.
In Chinese this is life of garden and field （田園生活）。She showed how the ancient poets like Tao YuanMing（陶淵明）could possibly live, happily.
Cómo te mira la abuelita estará tan orgullosa de su nieta bella xx
Есть ...что-то такое в мире,чтобы Лизик...НЕ смогла сделать????Думаю,что-НЕТ!
If you haven't seen it yet, watch "Who is Liziqi?"  Interesting watch, not very long.  She's amazing, to put it mildly.  She makes me feel totally inadequate but love to watch her.  She has my dream place, where you can walk outside and pick just about anything your heart desires.  Would be satisfied just to grow and prepare the food like she does, and she makes it look so simple!
Amazing!!!!!
She is quite famous now. And she always donates a lot of money to schools.
She is so hardworkingg iam great fan of her 
Translation from Liziqi's comments:

又是一个“一生”系列，谷雨前后开拍的。
It's "One-Life" series again. (It means a long time span)
Started at about April 20th, 2019.
 
小时候还经常看到我家这边有种棉花
长大之后再也没见过了
就是没人种了
那时候家旁边有个大晒坝
晒坝旁边就有将近1亩地的棉花
开花的时候漂亮极了！
白的 粉的花朵随风摇曳
我做作的棉花田里赏花，
还假装自己很美的样子～～～
现在看来，至少这一点我还是没变的！！
When I was a child, I often saw cotton growing in the field near my house. But I don't see it when I grew up.

At that time, there was a big drying dam beside the house, and there was a nearly 600 ㎡ cotton field beside the drying dam.

Cotton blossomed beautifully, with white and pink flowers swaying in the wind. 

I enjoyed flowers in the cotton field, and I felt that I‘m beautiful too, and I thought I haven't changed that till now . 


今年试着种了一下，
网上买的种子
担心品种原因种不了就买了几个品种
结果还好都有出芽，
只是移栽那段时间我忙别的耽搁了
困了苗子，
导致最后生长情况很差
但好在也是有点收获。
For memorizing, I planed to grow cotton, and then I bought cotton seeds online.

I bought several types of cotton because I was afraid that some of them may not suitable for growing in this climate.

Fortunately, cotton blossomed later.

But later, I was busy with other things during the transplanting period, which led to the poor growth of cotton. 

Finally, and fortunately, there is also a little harvest. Not so much...
 
摘回来的棉花要晾晾去水汽
然后就是去籽
小时候还能找到去棉籽专用的木头梳花机
但现在都没有了
所以只能靠手
一颗颗摘肯定是摘到过年都摘不完
想了个办法
用梳羊毛的梳子来梳掉棉花籽
比梳花机慢，但也比手摘要快很多很多。
4斤棉花估摸着多半天
The picked cotton should be dried to remove water vapor and then be seeded.

When I was a child, I saw a special machine for removing cottonseed, but now it is gone, so I could only remove impurities by hand.

If you pick one by one by hand, you can't finish it until the Spring Festival. 

Then I figured out a way to comb the cotton seeds with a wool comb. 

It's slower than a machina, but it's much faster than a manual summary.

It took about half a day to finish 2kg of cotton.
 
棉籽和杂质去掉后就准备拉线
这个就是棉絮的包裹网
要均匀密实的包裹住弹好的棉花
所以要各种拉，
按顺序横拉竖拉做格子，
大经拉完拉小线，
左右横竖通通拉一遍
最后还得拉大线经纬固定
线拉好就可以弹棉花了
First of all, fix the cotton thread, and then start to strike cotton....... (The description of making process, it's hard to translate I'm sorry...)
 
我弹棉花这个工具大概都20多年
很久很久没人用过
木头风化 竹条也断的差不多了
This tool is about 20 years old, and no one has used it for a long time.

The wood is weathered, and the bamboo bars are almost broken.
 
修修补补好一阵子
剁竹条的时候还被飞起来的竹棍子戳到鼻子
打磨打磨装上新牛筋弦还可以用
I spent a lot of time repairing this tool, during which my nose was hurt because of the flying bamboo stick when I cut the bamboo.  (4:52)

Finally, it was polished and could be continued to be used with new tendon strings.
 
去掉棉籽的棉花还用棍子打松以后才能弹
棉花太死不容易弹开，会缠在弦上
越弹越紧
But, remember that the cotton can only be fluff after it is loosened with a stick, because the cotton is too tight to be easily bounced off and will be wrapped on the string. And getting tighter and tighter...
 
弹棉花真的是力气活！
这个一点不夸张，比让我背几十斤粮食还费劲
我小时候就是天天围着我姑父看他弹棉花
没亲自操作过，
这次给奶奶做棉絮才正儿八经的提前学了两天
太费劲了
木头10来斤，
还有木槌拉扯牛筋弦的力道
这个受力基础上还要保持平衡把棉花弹松
左右手都要同时发力保持和谐
要是能找到这个老物件你们可以感受感受，，，
Fluffing cotton is really hard work! 

It's no exaggeration to say that it's more difficult to do this than to carry tens of kilograms of grain on my back. 

When I was a child, I surrounded my uncle every day to see him fluff cotton. But I didn't operate it myself.

This time, I wanted to operate it myself. I learned two days in advance, and want to make a quilt for my grandma.

It's too hard! Because the wood is more than 5 kg, and I have to hit the string hard, and to keep balance while I'm fluffing cotton.

By the way, If you can find such a old machina, you can try it yourself.


虽然现在机器做的被子又好又暖和，但就是想矫情的给她亲手做一床，听说我要给她弹棉絮她多高兴啊，我做棉被她一直围着我们转来转去，一直喊着要来帮忙哈哈。
心里吧，多少还是不一样的，，
Although the quilt made by the machine is nice and warm now, I want to make a quilt for my grandma by myself.

When she heard that I was going to make her a quilt, she was so happy.

At that time, when I was fluffing cotton, she was always around me and said she wanted to help me hahaha. 

I think it was very meaningful!
 
最后给锅仔也做了个小被子，它之前都没有专门的被子，就是一件旧棉衣，要过年了给它也顺带做一个新被子，将就着还有剩的棉花

Finally, I made a quilt for Guozai(name of the dog), because there was no special quilt before, only an old cotton padded jacket for her.
Now it's time to make a new quilt for Guozai. 
 
 
又不知道写啥了，就这样吧，冬天冷，还是那句唠叨了很多次的话，不要感冒，一定注意保暖。强行么么哒！

So...It's very cold these days!  I hope you keep warm. And take good care of yourselves! Love you!!

（translated from Liziqi's comments in Bilibili）
本当に何でも器用にこなせるの、凄すぎる！
I wish I had this life ️
God bless u m really speechless
Hard work makes everything perfect 
Really amazing..
She's so pure she even made a blanket for her dog ;-;
So Beautiful the love you show to your grandmother. She is sooo Beautiful too, and I think she feels so pround of you... she creat you with love and you are giving It back to her
You inspire me!! i love your vlogs!!!!!
the dog is so cute
What a great woman.
I grant all her wishes to become true with divine blessings!

Am I just misremembering? Didn’t the part of the videos after Li Ziqi finishes for the day use to have more audio of her talking and background sounds? It’s just music now
With the world in this way I think living like her would be perfect and an example to follow
She is the most powerful woman i've ever seen
Ojalá pudiera ser como tú
مبدعه بصراحه برافو عليكي
I love this girl so much she is truly a gift from god,she's hardworking,beautiful,a gentle heart,smart.
Love from Japan
She is so cute girl and so had barking  girl
She is like that beautiful princess like lady of fairytales who is so loving, strong, golden hearted, hardworking and amazing. I love her so much.
WOOOW!! AMAZING!! You have great patience in you.
Me: I bought this tshirt fabric and hand sewed the entire dress. 
Liziqi: you bought the fabric? lol that's cute.
You're so inspirational🇵🇰
I wish i can live a life like her.....i mean village life is better than city life
Love from India love u li u are real best beautiful princess love u  trillion time 
It's just amazing 
It's amazing
She said to her grandma:  dear grandma, take care of yourself and keeping warm . have a good night.
To her dog : I am going to make a quilt for you
Your video is so peaceful. It really help my insomnia
It's note even a sad movie, but I am crying. Stay healthy grandmother & Liziqi
Офигеть. Каменный век. А где же мужчины? Такая хрупкая. Работы до фига
This lady is amazing
8:16 Her hands must've ached a lot.
Dear Ms. Liziqi, are you fine? I wish you and your family well. I am very sorry for the people in your country who have suffered from corona virus. I wish triple gems blessed you !!!
You are so talented 
you are so amazing i have no word to say
I don’t know why this video made me cry
She has the ability to calm down the world.
Good content thanks
I'm from chengdu, China."Liziqi" and I are 200km apart, we are both the same age, the content in her video is all the real things that we can get in touch with when we were young, but it takes too much time to make. In China, most people born in the 1980s have such experience, and she reminds me all the time how incompetent I am!!Ha ha ha!!You are the pride of sichuan and China!
she's a motivation !!!
Who wants her to make a house tour or a farm tour?????

I really love the way she live her life away from the city
Eline sağlık; çok güzel .MAŞAALLAH
Awww the blanket for the puppy at the end 
What a girl......
This lady is amazing 
One of the best "Must see video" on Youtube!
I am very touched, you made a mattress for your grandmother with love, from planting, spinning, weaving threads and sewing to a mattress. 
The mattress you make feels warm because there is love in it.
remind me of the 80s and 90s china I grew up in...Now it is completely different, electronics everywhere, mega structures and super cars and evs...
Natural and beautiful !
28.000 dislikes? For what? Shame on you...great Job dear
I love. What a remarkable girl this is. I like the way it is.
厲害，好看
She said to her dog "The Spring Festival is coming.Let me get you a new quilt too"     
Spring Festival=Chinese New Year

u guys can see her story in this video. https://youtu.be/xXp1-u0Psio
Обалдеть! Фантастика! Она умеет ВСЁ!!!!
Gaada yg ga bisa kayaknya mbaknya, even kasur aja bikin sendiri loh. Amazing
wow so nice i like ️️️️️️️️️
<3  shes amazing
You are a hard working girl
Liziqi's comment on bilibili,translated by Google translate:
Another "Lifetime" series
 Gu Yu started shooting before and after.

 When I was a kid, I often saw cotton growing here
But never saw it again when I grew up
 At that time, there was a big sunbath near the house
 Near the dam there is almost 1 acre of cotton
 Beautiful when blooming!
 White pink flowers swaying in the wind
 I pretend to see flowers in the cotton field,
 And pretending to be beautiful ~~~
 It seems that at least I haven't changed!  !!

 I tried to plant it this year.Worried about variety reasons, I bought several varieties
 Fortunately, there were buds. I was busy with other delays during the transplant period,Resulting in poor final growth.
 But fortunately, it is a bit rewarding.

 Remove the cotton to dry
 And then deseed
 When I was a kid, I could find a wood comb for cottonseed.
 But it's gone now
 So I can only rely on my hands
 Picking one by one is definitely impossible
 Think of a way
 Use a wool comb to comb out cottonseeds
 It is slower than a carding machine, but also much faster than a hand abstraction.
 4 pounds of cotton for more than half a day

 Cottonseed and impurities are removed and ready to be pulled
 This is the cotton net
 Wrap the spun cotton evenly and densely
 So I want to pull
 Pull horizontally and vertically to make a grid,
 After the large warp pulls the small thread,
 Pull left and right horizontally
 Finally, the longitude and latitude of the large line must be fixed.
 Once the thread is pulled, you can play cotton

 The tools are about 20 years old
 Long time no one used
 Weathered wood, bamboo strips are almost broken

 Patch up for a while
 When chopping bamboo sticks, I was stuck in the nose by flying bamboo sticks
 Sanding and polishing with new beef tendon strings can also be used

 Remove cotton seed cotton and loosen it with a stick.
 Cotton is too dead to bounce off easily
 More and more tight

 Playing cotton is really hard work!
 This is not an exaggeration, it is more laborious than letting me carry dozens of catties.
 When I was a kid, I surrounded my uncle every day to watch him play cotton
 Haven't done it in person,
 This time I was doing batting for my grandma. I learned it two days in advance.
 Too strenuous
 10 pounds of wood,
 And the force of the mallet pulling the tendon string
 On the basis of this force, we must maintain balance and loosen the cotton.
 Both hands must work hard to maintain harmony
 If you can find this old object, you can feel it.
Love it
she knows everything cooking ,harvesting,  guitar,growing,her ascient creating innovating things to be use  for daily life  was very amazing.. pretty good  .. 
amazing and beautiful ️
A multi talented young lady
Çok beceriklisin maşallah seni izliyorum
Gak bosen nonton ulang 
I kinda wished to hear the dang dang sound of that equipment.
I wonder where is Liqizi now and how is things going with her? Don't you guys? I've been visiting her channel 8 times this week hoping to see her new video. I hope she is doing well Can't wait to see her new beautiful works
As living in heaven...serenity, pure and calmness ...what a beauty!
Lots of hardwork️️️
You are the best 
The end gets me a pillow for her pupper
I am shocked. It's actually possible to make things instead of buying them.
I don't know Chinese. Hope you understand my comment here: " You are a very special person who helps inspire more motivation to other people in Vietnam, included me. By your videos from the beginning until now, I understand that mother nature is huge and unlimited and being offering too much for the human. We should live close to our natural environment instead of trying to change it in our ways." Love you from Vietnam. ️
Who films Li? This is a very professional filming style
So beautiful, love your video
️️ عز الله مبدعه
This is so calming and let’s me sleep at night. Regardless if this is real or not, she’s doing a magnificent job.
Good health and nice work....      
No words to express how much I admire this woman!! she is amazing.
Omg she is incredible
She does more things in one day than I did in 25years
Doggo is a very good actor/actress...  cutie
She always make me speechless
Es insoportablemente hábil! Parece irreal.
Saya suka sangat nonton vlog akak.
.انا معجبه بيكي وبشخصيتك جدا بجد شخصيه جميله ونشيطه
She is just living a simple and great life with mother nature... She is so luckyyyy
kenapa content nya bagus semua...semua bisa ... waaaaa.. specles bet lah sama kakanya masyaallah
Every men wants a woman like this she is hard worker and beautiful i love her 
يارب هذه الحياة أعيش وألبس واكل من الطبيعة️
Magnifico futon.....
This is The Legit Gorgeous Girl️
Dude: marry me I'll provide for you
Her: with what?
Omg! So magic!
ما شاء الله ما شا الله 
7:40 i guess this process to make it fluffy.. Am i right?
Masterpiece
So fluffy
It's pretty cool to watch people do things the way the old world did it. For most of the modern societies this is a forgotten skill.
Love it
Me: I need a new mattress, let's go to the mall to buy o---
Liziqi: starts planting cotton seeds
We love all the "life of" series.  They're beautiful.  I love hearing the sounds of your environment more than the music.  It's so lovely to be a witness as you and your grandma care for one another.  Please always keep that in. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3   ~Honey
amazing! I love that she is keeping the old school of making stuff alive, nowadays with everything becoming industrialized human old ways of creating and building things is dying out!  keep it up Liziqi, your doing an amazing job!
Very nice
Sem palavras! Perfeito! Que Deus esteja sempre contigo.
Wow that bedcan be really good for them
For the people who say shes an "actress", i hope you changed your mind bc she is a REAL  HARD  WORKER 
To think she start this from scratch. From planted the seeds, waited until they grew to plants and produced some cotton. She harvested the cotton and made some blankets for her grandma and her puppy 
Que hermosos vídeos no me canso de verlos !!! No hay subtítulos en Español pero éstos vídeos me enseñan y me dan paz...Gracias
Love 
I love this but now my daughter loves this she loves the cooking!!!️️️️
wow thats amazing
We get to choose one person to represent the human race, I’m choosing liziqi
Your grandmother is blessed to have such a wonderful and thoughtful granddaughter as you.
Lisiq, e pros filhotinhos, vc fez edredonzinho tbm??
Qto chamego..
Amo animais!!
E os seus parecem tão calmos..tbm nesse paraíso em q vcs vivem né, tudo de bom.
So hardworking man
Eres un ser maravilloso lleno de Luz y bondad .... bendiciones Liziqi
Great job...
9.7k dislikes??? Why? I don't understand why people's dislike video's like this such of inspiration also the music is so relaxing can someone who's dislikes this video explain to me why you disliked the video if you have ball replay my comment
I am in love with your videos! I've just found your channel. They are fascinating! And your grandmother is so sweet, you are so good working and taking care of your family and home like this 
Isn't great she love grandmother a lot She wants a soft bed and she made for her Hats of this girl She also love her animals a lot She is so telanted Absoulty incridable
That was awesome
Kenapa mbak liziqi selalu bisa membuat apapun?dan hasilnya selalu bagus..coba kalau saya
Luar biasa wanita yang sangat mandiri, bercocok tanam hal yang sangat mengasyikkan
What is this? I am amazed.Very beautiful.
Hard work gives unexpected success
Even if she didn’t to everything, so what, she does more than any woman or man I know, it’s entertainment at doesn’t involve hurting someone or shaming someone or laughing at someone in pain, she is showing her culture and techniques that she has learn, what a woman, so humble
Wow amazing️️
Beautiful 
Thanks for share this video and I Like this video
نها مجتهده ونشيطه وذكيه 
This girl can change the world
Very difficult technique and requires a lot of patient and hard working but the result is beautiful. Great thing to do for grandma. Love her passion and devotion not mention her look , she is a beautiful young lady, inside and outside
THE WAY YOU ARE IS SO WONDERFUL. I ADMIRE YOU, I THINK YOU ARE A SUPER WOMAN.
Wow so beautiful work
Awesome we will love u
매우 아름다운 나무
She is a very beautiful and multi-tallent girl
The patience that she has is Amazing..
Amazing......... 
It is the first time in my life that I wrote comments on a translator after watching videos of people from other countries. I learned how blankets are made by watching this video. Her enthusiasm and perseverance are great.
Enough to look back on myself.
And is there anything she can't do?
The joy on her mothers face when she sat down on the mattress she made was an incredible moment. Thank you for sharing with us!
No need to think of new name for these series. It’s the simplicity that draws your viewer into watching your videos. ️ And honestly, you’ve already put so much  effort in each video. We’re just happy that you’re sharing these wonderful contents for us to enjoy.
Wow i am impressed
Elle est impressionnante d'inventivité,j'adoore ses videos 
私と違った大変さがあるんだろうけど、お金に縛られないその生活が羨ましい…。
I cried at the end when she made a blanket for the puppy.
Какая умница, какое уважение к старшему поколению
Incrível. Simplesmente incrível. Maravilhoso. (Portuguese - Brazil)
我们的李子柒很棒
It’s so wholesome how she takes care of her grandma ️
太能干了。学到了很多东西
When her grandmother came over with that jar of something for her wrist because it was hurt....that was the cutest thing!
God bless you!..you make me very grateful for all that i have and how I've taken things for granted..most especially now with this COVID situation watching your videos are very soothing to me ..thank you
Ps..you are a wonderful grandaughter
No words.. U r amazingly talented.. God bless you with good health n peace.. If you put English subtitles it would be nice - Love from India
7:06 when you've been a very bad cotton
Creative, Smart, Independent, Kind and multi- talented what else can we ask for this young lady.
Wish I was her grand ma
Me: I'm pretty independent. I have a sewing machine and everything.

Liziqi: Lol that's cute
I love the part where she makes grandma a new bed and  a new blanket for her cute doggie
Definitely the richest person in youtube. 
Rich of culture
Rich of natur
Rich of personality
Rich of hardwork
Rich of love!!!!!
¡Wooow! Liziqi me asombró ver como realizaste ese cubrecolchon... y recordé también una vieja cama de cuerdas que habia en el rancho de mi abuela; por allá se sembraba mucho el algodón, no dudo que en otros tiempos también aquellas gentes realizaran asi los colchones.
Que trabalho lindo Parabèns🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷️
好能干啊！佩服
Que vontade de ir morar em um lugar assim
U r great girl
Ziqi: Showing how cotton duvet is made from the cotton seeds manually. 
Me: Moved to tear. Amazing.
Это просто чудо! Спасибо вам большое за красоту жизни! Вдохновения вам и счастья!!!
Que  incrível 🇧🇷
Mantap karya karyanya
This type of work could be so hard even though she made it...
Hats off...
Really amazing...Keep going and best wishes...
You made one for your grandma, one for your dog and none for yourself 
just imagine how expensive could be one of those handmade
En cada video me quedo mas que sorprendido, esta chica enverdad es una genio 
Saludos desde México 🇲🇽
Amazing! How do you keep the weeds out of your gardens and any suggestions of how you have such beautiful flowers and placement of them. Do you plan them out before planting. It warms my heart to watch you and I just dream of standing in such beauty of your land. You have done such an amazing   thing. You are an inspiration to many. I want to build my earth ship to live this kind of life and do my part in leaving a smaller carbon foot print for this world. Thank you for sharing. Much love from my heart to yours!
Love from goa india 🇮🇳 mam
O meu Deus quanto amor, eu amei esse vídeo!!!!
ვგიჟდები ამ გოგოზე ყველაფერი რომ იცის და ეხერხება ყველაფრის კეთება როგორი შრომატევადია ეს ყველაფერი მაგრამ რა შემართებით და თავისუფლად აკეთებს ყველაფერს მალადეც
Her grandma looks so proud. That sweet smile was my everything.
This is my second video & I'm so amazed at how she knows how to do every lil thing. I'm in love 
The instrument she’s using is also used in most Arabic countries in the past . The guy who make the cotton quilts is called kattan from the word cotton
Magnífico trabajo 
Sou do brasil e amo seus videos
I'm not denying this saying it isn't a beautiful video but it isn't a very accurate portrayal of what life in rural china is like all the time life is mostly cleaning up pig excrement and having your back hunched over planting rice but undoubtedly this is beautiful if not romanticised
This girl is extremely amazing 
I love all her videos 
How talented is she
Yêu dần thiên nhiên. 
She lost her parents when we was kid and lived with her grandmother till now, lot’s people was questioning how she manage life looks so easy, here is the answer : she was doing it when she was kid and choose live with grandma now because she is her only loved once, I’m Chinese so i have read her background.
This video truly made me appreciative of everything I have. Thank you
Какая же ты мастерица, умнечка!!!
Заботливая, трудолюбивая, добрая!!! У тебя можно учиться и учиться! Желаю тебе всего самого - самого наилучшего!!! Спасибо за чудесное видио!!! 
Liziqi u ar wife material lucky will be ur husband I wish me️
Wow the fact that she did all that hard work not for herself but for her grandmother 

She melts my heart when she made one for her doggod bless you
I watched this a long time ago and loved it. I watched it again today and it made me cry. So beautiful.
WOW you are so hardworking how beautifully you grew cotton and created a warm blanket so much of effort was put into making it
demasiado bueno para realizar una cama de algodón
I learn so many of the old ways by watching you. So many things I want to try. It's amazing all that you can do.  You're not afraid to tackle any job.
My grandma made me deseed the cotton but with my fingers and no brushes. Bit mad now
The nine thousands of people who disliked this video shame on you
Эта девушка клад ума и таланта Волшебная Бог ее одарил и Красотой и умением ко всему. Не перестаю удивляться сколько ж в ней сил, доброты знаний.Изумительная. Спасибо,что она у мамы есть такая
R u okay ? 
We are there for you...
We miss you 
I hope everything is going alright.
Stay healthy and stay away from virus (crowded areas ) .
Я хочу быть их собачкой, кошкой, сестрой!  Какимто растением, которое она садит, можно цветком...  хотя в экибано, что она ставит в горшок! У нее , с мамой, там так уютно и тепло! 
 ПУСТЬ ТАК И БУДЕТ!!!
  КИРГИЗИЯ
I absolutely adore your videos and appreciate all your hard work. Thank you for showing the world! 

I do have a question, why did you make a wax string and beat the cotton with it?
Почему бы так не жить всем людям на земле??
Не дадут "всемогущие"политические гниды и паразиты,паразитирующие на трудовом населении Земли.Сколько не дай,всё будет мало сволочам.
I miss my Kuia (Grandma) this makes me proud to see our Elders are still Cherished. Adored and a Respected part of the Family Home. Mauri Ora to You both 
主耶稣继续护佑你。 愿你一生幸福！我也来自四川农村。但拼了老命读书出来现在加拿大看你做我以前在农村看到过和做过的事。为你我坚强的川妹子感动骄傲！我是一个带大四个男孩的单身川妹子妈妈！我们不需要男人只需要上帝的帮助去坚强勇敢面对一切。上帝意愿希望有一天会四川去看你。
Everyone's binge watching Netflix, and I'm over here like, "Liziqi and chill..."
Liziqi you are such an amazing women, we all admired of.. salute to your passion and patience!
I like all your videos.
I would love them if there are English or Thai sub title.️
wow, beautiful 
So much talent, skill and patience. She made that all on her own!
仿佛仙女下凡間，把玩人類遊戲的通關秘籍拍成短片。我來隻是看自己卡在了哪一關 ️
When you can’t even make your own bed and she is literally MAKING HER OWN BED...my mother may be ashamed of me XD
Omg I love this! I miss my grandma so much everyday.
I'm speechless...... Totally worth watching .....this is the most beneficial channel existing in youtube community 
Le Créateur a fait bien les, choses. Une fleur qui se transforme en coton..
She really well done. She did everything by herself without anyone to help. She was amazing lady. That’s great.
wow, what a nice video
I'll never forget the time I said "she reminds me of a live action studio ghibli character and then the background music you chose for a video was from Spirited Away! Made me love this channel that much more!
She took so much effort to show us how our ancestors made mattresses from cotton tree.
I can't be the only one who likes her hair, they are so silky!
子柒： 上帝賦予妳多樣的天賦與才能, 加上妳的勤奮努力~  妳太棒了！
Que hermosa divina la enseñanza que le dejas a al humanidad
The best  girl ️️
Maravilloso con tu trabajo !!
I wonder how big the video team behind these videos.
She's so graceful. Like she's done this a million times.
Какой труд! Я восхищена!!!
Dang you actually made your own blanket. It must be sooo soft! I want one of those
Wow great job
WOW! Much to be appreciated! So much personal, intricate work. And a beautiful result.
You made very beutifuly I like this you have taalent Super 
I hope you guys can have a look at my words.

As far as I know, Liziqi has been trying her best to find channels for materials these days. So far, at least 40,000 medical masks, 20,000 pairs of medical gloves and 1000 protective clothing have been donated by Liziqi!

She is too tired, so she has no mood and energy to update the videos. I hope you guys can understand her. 

Up to now, the coronavirus has been clearly controlled, the number has been declining continuously, and it is expected to be completely solved in March.

Pay homage to Liziqi and all the virus fighters!
I wonder who is she teaching to keep these wonderful skills alive. I love to visit this place, just to study for a month
every second of her videos bring me so much peace
This girl is aall rounder and hard working
To be honest I did see this before and I like it better if it had no sound on it not just music because I didn't mind the sounding of it so calming of what she is doing
小心啊，手不要被划破
Her channel should be called "But wait... there is more!" It's too amazing.
What I am saying is high praise but I think she is a goddess taken in mortal form to experience how a human life is and she knows everything that a human does and she also wants to teach how human should live happily, and with life ️️️
And here I am being lazy and complaining about my problems. She’s a true inspiration
I love your grandmother. You can see she has a beautiful soul.
Que lindo a gratidão que essa chinesa tem por sua avó.
you made a lil duvet for the doggie 
It's really wonderful to see u work all alone like a perfect man ......n also u r really inspiring to many of the girls and women in managing a good life....without any men help!!!!!!!
Здорово!!!!!
Your life style is just like a poem and a beautiful song.
Haha the cotton look so fluffy just like coton candy! Very cool I love this I want to eat haha 
Love you and your videos. ..thank you so much for making the videos
Cotton seeds remover price how much
Que mérito tiene esta chica y que trabajadora es
Massa, I'm gonna pick up the cotton on the cotton farm
PLEASE be careful outside, may you and your entire community be safe from the virus
Extraordinary life skills .Liziq...extraordinary lady. We are so meant to live like this. Environment safe .. no waste .. practically wise use of materials uncluttered, easily comprehended, productive, generous, creative , energising , compassionate , sociable, gentle , hard working and skilful . Suggestion;  have small 1 week,  stay in chalet, group teaching sessions to pass on skills .. interest would be global !!! 
Девушка прекрасна,удивительно такая чудовищно тяжелая работа не портит ни ее нежную молочную кожу,ни ее нежных рук,сколько сил в этой хрупкой фарфоровой девушке,умеющей достойно и красиво выполнять чудовищно трудную  даже в физическом плане работу
亲爱的，你们辛苦了
Sister....you are my motivation  ...when iam lazy I watch your videos ...then I felt energy ...love from INDIA...
️️️
All the dislikes are from people that buy lemon juice in the bottle because they can’t even squeeze it themselves.
I recently found this channel.This woman shows the beauty of village life
Thank you for caring for her and I can tell you she’s fine right now. Because of the virus we have to stay at home and she can’t update her video right now.Because she’s donating some masks and some money for Wuhan and We are so honored to have such a celebrity in China. So she’s fine right now  and you guys don’t need to worry about her!
she is a great and gentle woman️
I admire her .she is so inspiring and strong lady move on

Worth to watch this video. Such a hardworking woman. God bless you....
what a dedication and hard wok
how i wish lizigi's grandma were given a long long life to injoy world with her grand daughter lizigi.. god bless
This girl is very hardworking and she is really cute  
Muy bella la actitud con su madre
I like you work 
我是中国人，十几年前我在的农村地区已经逐渐抛弃了传统的农耕生活，这支视频让我想到了我小时候的生活状态，怀念！
Yaampun dia bikin matras  hebat banget
it made me sad seeing her rub her wrist whenever it hurt, she’s such a hardworking person.
GIRL..You do not need to think much about the TITLES.. as you do  much hard work which pays off all your worries.. Just love to watch all your videos
You are a great inspiration  girl
The wonder of woman's intelligente and hands that no macchine will be able to   match
An amazing craft. Now I want to make my own blanket
我小时候生活的小城镇，那条古老的老街有很多的店铺。制作农具的店隔壁就是打棉被的小店。我爷爷有个面粉磨坊，街上还有染布坊，制作竹灯笼的店，做纸花冥币花圈的小店，做棺材的店，做蜡烛的店，做拜拜用的香的店，裁缝铺，做传统糕点的店，肉铺，理发店，海鲜干货店，制作酱油的小店.......几乎是应有尽有完全自给自足的一偏僻小镇。住在山村里的人会挑着粮食和木头来镇上卖，再买些其他食物和日用品回去。繁荣的景象印象深刻，如今已经是半荒废的老街。我还记得奶奶教我怎么制作布纽扣，缝在本地衣上，估计已经找不到存手工缝制的本地衣了。以中国传统文化为主题可以有拍不完的视频！
I hope this young lady and her grandmother are in good health. Stay Safe.
Sí,  aquí un comentario en español, en lo personal esa mujer es increíble sin duda, muy buen contenido 
her land is so magical.. she's like a goddess of nature that when she touches a dry soil it turns into lush green field
Now that's what I call...a superwoman...a Queen I Stan 
This takes so much patience and detail to do !! Wow

Эта девушка вызывает восхищение!!!!!тебя сама ВСЕЛЕННАЯ НАГРАДИЛА ДАРАМИ ТЫ УМЕЕШЬ АБСОЛЮТНО ВСЕ!!!! ПЕРЕДАВАЙ СВОИ НАВЫКИ ДЕТЯМ И ВНУКАМ!!!!! ХРАНИ ТЕБЯ ГОСПОДЬ!!!
️️️
imagine to actually live there, just you and ppl that really care for you, away from toxic people. waking up every morning to that incredible view and go to sleep with beautiful night sky....
Vc é muito especial minha minina.namaste
I feel like watching some ancient chinese drama....this's real n beautiful...one of the reason why i love chinese drama since yrs ago, their culture n nature
6:00 - okay, that's cool. did not expect that at all.
Love the videos, smooth like watching movies!! 
What the heck! Omg! I can barely keep my house plant alive and fix a hole in my sweater. Talk about talented…
I'm Chinese    10:29    She said with the little dog “I will make a quilt for you before the Chinese New Year too,OK?"
What a lovely and kind girl!
Бабушке понравилось одеялко и собачке тоже
shes so stoke man i like the way she even made a blanket for her dog 
เก่งมากไฟเลยคะ🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭
Great job, I wish you good luck and have a happy life with your mom
弹棉花啊弹棉花～半斤棉弹成8两8欸～旧棉花弹成新棉花呦～弹好了棉花姑娘要出嫁
PEOPLE WHO DISLIKE HER VIDEOS ARE SO HEARTLESS AND THEY DONT UNDERSTAND ANYTHING 
I can only buy expensive cotton clothes and now i know the process was very difficult to make  love from Indonesia 🇮🇩
She is such a hard working woman.... Hats off

And who the hell are those 13k people.....who disliked the video
Beautifully done!
I really like ur video. And you are very very  beautiful and very very more talented. All your video's are out of the world.  Seeing your hard work inspires me that I too should be with you to help you and learn something new every day from you.
你看她就是一个地道的农家女🇨🇳热爱劳作？把劳作生活成待情画意！发自内心的热爱🇨🇳
Your vids are so calming.

Infect I only got to know your channel when MY TEACHER showed one of your every day if have time.
Awesome
I’m pretty sure she’s a Disney Princess
She inspired me...very good nd hard working lady...God blessed u nd yr grandma️️️️️️️️️️
Это же сколько земли нужно обработать, чтобы все это выращивать! Даже хлопок сами выращивают! Невероятно!
Beautiful
Super smart, amazing!  She can do whatever she wants. She is a phenomenon"
這才是女神
She inspired me to shoot a video of my mother ..Love From vietnamese.
Классно,когда весь дом сделан своими руками.
She’s so kind! She made a blanket for her dog
视频是非常好的朋友
ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمان الرحيم طبيعة تسحر القلوب و نظام و نظافة و طبخ كله صحي و عجبتني تلك الفتاة ماشاء الله عليها كل شي تخدمه بنية و صدق و تفاني ينقصهم شي واحد أنهم يسلموا
Ma sha Allah
This is a whole new level of “make from scratch “ lol
I completely forgot that cotton and wool is different. I was like "aren't cotton from sheeps or something?"
For some reason my tear came out when she made that blanket for the dog. '-'
So calm and relaxing 
China Cultural Ministry should adapt these series into the national archives. Ms Li, please rename it "The Chinese Story".
En todos los vídeos salen perros diferentes, tendrán tantos para comérselos?
大家好，我真的很喜歡你們的文化
Awesome
10:28-she asked the dog " do you also want a new bedding? The New Year is coming..." 
btw, Jan 25th is Chinese New Year (2020)
She is born  talented 
Lots of love from India, Arunachal  pradesh
I wish I have a life like this
Wow a cotton is a beautifull
A perfect, great and amazing video️
Hi I'm from India for I love your videos and I'm  your subscriber
She even made the doggo a bed TvT this lady is straight out of a Ghibli Film
I love nature and suddenly I found this channel I'm very happy to se this channel
You are such a gift to the world...
so beautiful your video
The title is so funny. And the content is so addicting
这个视频从春天拍摄到了秋天，单是想到如此用心都会让人感动不已。
O QI dela deve ser o mais elevado do mundo ️
Красавица нереальная умничка
I can tell that she's really skilful when cutting the bamboo, cuz my grandpa used to do that. don't understand those who claim she is acting...
Lovely human being she is
Nothing to say she is realy an angel . Ossummm 
Awesome
Когда смотришь ваши видео на душе так хорошо.
does she sell the cotton for allot of money?
I was wondering if she is ok because we haven’t heard from her for a while? Hope she and her grandma are ok ?
Она вырастила  хлопок, потом обработала его и сделала одеяло, они очень теплые.Только у нас по другому стегают хлопок под одеяло.
YOu are a real inspiration liziqui.  Please continue making vedios and love your animals and the care YOu provide !  YOu are a beautiful soul and a true Disney Princess !  
she is very hard working
No words to say... Hats off u dear sister...
只有中國人的聰明智慧 才想得出的，製作 “棉胎工具”，看起來很簡陋又復雜，⋯，那些又細又短又密的
“竹枝牙”，只用眼看都己經 “眼花撩亂”。
this girl out here literally making her own bed and my lazy ass wouldn't even set the bed sheets right in the morning can't relate
You are very hard working dear  God blessed you.. I love ur life , it's very peaceful 
She is BRAIN with BEAUTY. LOVE FROM INDIA🇮🇳
许多李子柒版，还是正版李子柒第一！
I wanna live in a cotton farm now
Amazing
Me need bed: go buy

Liziqi: plant cotton seeds
Anything she wants she works at it. Builds it, plants it, cooks it. Very talented young woman.
When she tucked her puppy in, I remembered when I used to tuck my dog in every night and kiss her to bed. But she passed away in April. I’ll love her til death. Hugs from Italy 🇮🇹
Even the title alone is on point 
好神奇，原來這就是彈棉花，最後變成了棉被，真不容易啊~

Amazing craftsmanship
I'll prepare two pieces of ORIGINAL CRISPY FRIED CHICKEN and some Original Syrup and a cup of sweet cane and Almond Water for me to eat and drink this evening.
she is not a talker, she is a doer ....  her video should be put in the formal education systems too
Hard work never fail......all the best madem....
No words  to say it's  amazing
妳还有什么不会的！赞！
Now i understand why you changed to dirtballs to transplant germinated seed, lot easier to grab without damaging roots
How about the life of fruits ?? like strawberrys, blueberrys, watermellons and grapes ??
Please be safe in nCOV or any illness People of China.My prayers is with you my Chinese brothers and sisters.#PrayerForChina 🇨🇳  JIAYOU!!!

From a Filipino Fan 🇵🇭
What if all western women were like this? This is a more literal representation of being a strong and independent woman, not the toxic BS that is now. Have fun with that!
Her videos make me so relaxed
We Miss you liziqi
I WANT TO LIVE IN A PLACE LIKE THAT!! FAR AWAY FROM CAR NOISES AND CHAOS. I WANT A PEACEFUL LIFE
我想和我一起看比赛
This woman is a survivalist, she got it going on.
Peaceful life some wish to have. This girl can do many things that even some men cant do
How does she stay so clean? Whenever I work in the garden I look like an actual pig.
I wish you all the love and prosperity in the world.
Woke up at 5 am in the middle of a nightmare, this calmed me thank you 
Amazing
Wow, she made a comforter from scratch. She is beautiful, talented and handy too. No wonder she doesn't need a man, lol.
Me: scrubbing my face with cotton while watching.
Me:(look at the cotton in my hand) "each cotton has its own story".
Amazing experience ️️ from Bangladesh
I love how you are so hard working
我想和我一起看比赛
Amazing! Greetings from a Swedish lady in U.S.A.
她太完美了
I want a friend and life coach or instructor like her.
I love this so relaxing
She is so intelligent and beautiful 
Big fan from india
Wow it is too good
아름다운 아가씨 농사일도 잘하고 홀어머니 신가요 잘 공경 하고 최고의 아가씨 입니다
متابعتك من العراق 🇮🇶
She is a genious young lady.She is fantastic and phenomenal I've never seen.
This would be amazing to learn.
MasyaAllah luarbiasa, Multitalented
One way to help her is by not skipping the ads, that's how she earns..the longer ad views the more earnings.
احب حياتها ️️
Such a hard worker
Amazing
She is so hardworking
Super
Hows that even possible? Someone like her has got so many skills.
So amazing 
I enjoy the names of your series.
I LOVE YOUR GRANDMA
Сколько труда красиво
種得這麼快，一晚上就已經這麼懶了
Whenever I feel lazy or planning on procastinating, I'll watch her vids so I can be productive.
I love her ️
Tôi nhớ cái thời mình còn bé tẹo. bố mẹ tôi cũng thuê người về làm cái chăn cái chăn giống như cô ấy làm vậy. từ ngữ địa phương gọi là " cung chăn ".
Super 
Wonderful,industrious woman!
Love you 
Me: I need a new blanket going to Ikea
Lizqi: hold my machete

你这么年轻～我真的好佩服您～你事天使～
Dang, homegirl went into grandma's attic and found the old loom (?), refurbished it and made her a mattress pad to keep grandma and the doggie warm.
凄いなあ。道具の修理もできるなんて。
Amazing ,may you be protected by all the good gods
我爱你姐姐
子柒有你不会做的吗？？？你简直太厉害了，下一期你炼钢吧……期待中…………我真是服了你啦
She's ultimate
Damn. She is the one who should be the actress for Mulan.
Such a nice video is very hard work 
So satisfied ️️️
big fan of urs liziqi
Wow ,from Argentina 🇦🇷
Beautiful girl. 
This is the most industrious woman I've ever seen.
when did we strayed away so much that tradlife video brings a tear to our eyes
Just beautiful.
you are so diligent
Wonderful inspirational upload
Wow really nice..l'm from Bangladesh.
I'm just mesmerized by her. I don't even pay attention to what she is creating, I'm just watching her.
The way she take care of everybody
這紀錄片就是文化傳承，農耕藝術，生活藝術，傳統工藝，是思想文化的洗禮，是芊芊玉手，層層風霜，沉甸甸，李榮榮，喜滋滋，苦巴巴的勤勞，結實實，樂哈哈的豐收        是大道的人生，是偉大的讚歌。巾幗不讓鬚眉，現實版的花木蘭，穆桂英。贊！
The real content creator
Very good !
Can I just be her dog?
I am impressed with the pictures.
love you ,you are great
ziqi  is okay ,don't worry, because of the virus ,ziqi stop updating, she is working on donation now for the virus ,  as you know , the most important thing in china now is fighting the virus ,  she will update soon ,
Picking cotton without pricking her hands? That is magical.
She is a super woman 

this is beautiful

God, praise and bestow her everything she ever will desire in Liziqi life time for her hard work.
Вот это Труд с большой буквы
Super... God bless you
when someone is so beautiful 
세상에서 가장 예쁘고 아름다운 사람 ~♡♡♡
Liziqi is so cut............
I wanted to thank your great country, China, for helping Italy to overcome this drastic period. Thank you.
I missed my childhood!
Once upon a time, there lived a princess named  李子柒 Liziqi. 
I was inspired by her to film my mother for my channel...
The old traditional tools she uses for making mattress from cottons are very rare nowadays in China, but they were
quite common in old rural China households. I don't think you can find any of those tools in other countries.
I never thought that I would cry -but I did and, boy, I did a waterfall - to the wonders of such creativity and honor of traditional practices and especially her grandmother. Her grandma reminds me so much of my grandma - all the smiles and warmhearted, loving nature that brings me joy and comfort.
has anyone visited her hard to tell if this is real or not xD ... not saying that it isnt so please leave the defensive tactics to yourself. it is only natural to wonder if this is all staged or if she really lives like this
I love how she’s being filial to her grandma and also for her extraordinary skills in farming and culinary.
I miss u very much Liziqi   love form PAkistan
She is really a genius. When I was a child I saw “professionals” touring to towns before every CNY to make quilts like that for families. It is really strength and energy taking as you can see from the video, and I’d never seen a woman doing that. Now the skill has disappeared for so many years and she is doing that as a young lady!
Todo lo que hace es increíble y en todo pone corazón, la dulzura que da a su abuela y al perro, todo precioso, me encanta
Vc é MT especial! Q Lindo vê vc trabalhar com tanto amor! Parabéns Deus o abençoe com MT saúde! Amo os seus vídeos!
Your god blessed girl.
i simply adore these videos of this wonderful women doing all the tasks as she would have 100 years ago the food and building basic structure is so awesome much Ahroha (LOVE) From NEW ZEALAND
Đáng yêu vậy ạ
I am sure I am not the only one who genuinely wishes that Liziqui was my next door neighbour and best friend. Her caring nature for everyone and everything around her knows no boundaries, and her desire to learn and acquire so many ancient crafts (which all too easily could be lost in the modern world) is endless. The sheer time and effort which Liziqui goes to when completing all these tasks is beyond astounding. A beautiful young woman with an abundance of talent and a whole encyclopaedia of knowledge. The western world has much to learn from this precious soul.
Eres muy buena ,me gusta como tratas a tu abuela y con qué cariño le hiciste una cobija al perrito ,se ve que eres una gran mujer ,Dios te bendiga siempre amen
I am so proud to see inspiring videos like this.

Как это мило))) и красиво! она сделала чудесные одеяла для бабушки и собачки)
The Angel 
The way she was so gentle with the puppy is precious
She gave him a new bed without waking him up
Incredible, she’s like an elf or fairy or something like that with a connection to nature
I'm in love with her videos... I love how she cared for her dog and her grandma. Is she a  real life fairy?  Omg
I hope that you, grandma, and everyone else is doing well and staying healthy. Lots of love to you and your family. Stay safe.
كتيرحلووو
정말 귀한 장면입니다.
,miren son buenas que  bonito es ser buena verdad.
Hay que hermoso y que bonito.
I Ajith from India ,Tamil Nadu...... your videos all are very nice and give a mind fresh Ness ....very nice friend
Long live Taiwanese independence!!!!
台灣獨立萬歲!!!
대만 독립 만세!!!
She's a master and restorer of all sorts of arts & crafts we want to preserve. Another stunningly beautiful work! Thank you as always.
Pure cotton 
How they look so perfect even they work in this places?
这女的，太强了
No words. Just love
️️
Her making and giving the little puppy a blanket was the most wholesome thing I've ever seen. 
An angel!
Lovely
Who else says she is beautiful talented lady
Is this video edited? I could've sworn there was audio that wasn't just music
Advance "Happy Chinese New Year" to you, to grandma and to your crew. May you be blessed more, pretty princess! 
شكلي انا العربيه الوحيده التابع هاي البنت ️️️
太牛了，今天之前我从未见过制作过程，这绝对让人惊艳
It's admirable and while watching, tears started to build up. The part where she fixed it as a bed for her grandma, could no longer hold my tears. And the dog part was like sudden onions thrown my way
Magnífico! Parabéns!
Great work!  This reminds of when I made much simpler blankets for my kids. It’s such a great feeling when you see someone sleeping comfortably under something you’ve made with your own hands.  
You are a Beautiful Soul.
深山雖然辛勞，可是收穫時的喜悅與成就感真的很療癒~很棒的與世無爭!
真希望有一天我也能這樣!
i wish im in there...
I wish you, your family, and the rest of the people in your area safe from the outbreak. Stay safe! 

Wuhan Jiayou, Zhongguo Jiayou!

- greetings from a javanese-chinese indonesian here!
What a beautiful cotton plants. So amazing to see how you do the process from seeds to a fluffy bed cover, Liziqi. You have such a wonderful talent, very rare nowadays ️ May you meet with a  great man to be your husband ️ Also ovely greetings to your grandma  She's such a lovely lady 
SHE MADE A FRICKIN PILLOW FOR THE DOG, THIS WOMAN IS A GODDESS
I can't imagine such a pure rural girl can bypass the great firewall to use YouTube, an app banned in China.
Her skills are incredible
 It was wonderful  watching this video.  The patience she shows at every stage from the time the cotton balls are picked off the plant. and then carded separating the fibres from the tangled clump, beating them down and finally weaving a    coverlet over it as fine as a spider's web. So labour intensive. Yet she carries on despite her aching wrists. 
And finally the triumphant moment when she makes a comfortable  mattress for her grandma and even another for her doggie. So caring  and so thoughtful.

 I got to see some rare tools used in the cotton fibre separation process, the unique  needle she uses  to work the thread around the hand made frame
. 
This video is so meaningful,  miles ahead of the rubbish that is progressively  being churned out  and being stupidly certified as award winning films. 

Thank you for this inspiring video. Look forward to watching more of them
RADHA NAIR/I. N. D. I. A
God bless you  all
Noticed her nails that are filled with mud, they may not be the prettiest nails with the greatest nailart but they belong to the most wonderful woman in the world
Amazing how she loves & cares for her family !
The joy of making something from scratch, you are amazing, I wish you all the happiness life has to offer, you deserve to have the very best in life... ️

What an awesome video.  I love the way you take care of your grandma.  So precious.  Prayers and love to both of you.
4:25...yeah, that's me every mornin'
My heart melts when she made her granny and her adorable dog a beautiful blankets.. god bless you
Incrível, amo seus vídeos.
Realizing that she was making a bedding for her grandmother and her dog I just started crying. She’s so pure. I pray you’re all safe and healthy during this time ️
كتيرحلووو
한국에서..삻을  촬영해으면 좋겠습니다
You are a wonder woman
But that's the old way of life - surviving and loving it. No time to commit suicide!
Perfection
Can y’all imagine how many more videos she already have planned in the future? Like she gotta cultivate her garden to even start a video. She’s great. Amazing.
جميل جداً ورائع
Hard work 
Jealous with her grandma. Before this she sleep in silk and now in cotton. Both made by her granddaughter. My goodness
Beautiful and handy little fairy.

I am BEYOND impressed. I've been following this channel for a while but this made my jaw drop. She is informing people on how to actually create the things that we generally rely on the commercial industry for. I would have had absolutely no earthly clue how to MAKE A BLANKET FROM SCRATCH but here she is, showing us. Grow the cotton, harvest the cotton, make the tools, use the tools... every step of the process is laid out in an simple to follow guide. Not easy by any means but simple. She is doing important historical work by preserving these almost forgotten life skills. I am going to cherish my bedding so much more now. Yeah, its synthetic but I also didn't have to make it myself so I'm hella grateful.
Такая красивая
Hard work 

الانسانية في اجمل صورها
مع الكبير والقريب وحتى الحيوان
والبنات والبيئة
She is realy great women.
I love how she loves her grandmother ️The world needs lot of Liz.
I just want to say that, I'm sure I'm not the only one who often feels inadequate after watching Liziqi. She seems amazing. She can build. She can cook. She's beautiful. She's everything that we wish we could be, maybe. But remind yourself that we just happen to live in a different world, and we can't easily change that. So, look around and see what you CAN do in the world you ARE in. I'm sure that's what Liziqi would say too.
It’s so cute to see the dog even has his own bed quilt covers!! And she tucks him in and checks on him later to see if he’s snoozing comfortably before she leaves
I have seen my grandma doing this, fluffing cottons and making us a blanket. It feels even nicer that I understand her conversations with the her grandma.. watching her videos is like doing a mental floss.
For a while there I had no idea what was going on, lol.  She’s always doing things to make her grandmother’s life better. ️
Liziqi is absolutely incredible.  The work never stops!  I watch her in awe.  I’ve also been inspired to try a few gardening things she’s shared over the years in my own yard. 

And a special shoutout to grandma’s cute hearts and star coat.
Wow she is very great
Это прекрасно!!! А девушка волшебница!!!)
wow..kren banget
She and I come from the same place. When I was a child, my neighbor was a shop that made new cotton quilts. A quilt can last for many years and is very warm. 
My entire childhood was spent watching their magic techniques. They have been doing this for many years. Until today, new technology has taken away the tradition. Few people have made their own cotton into new quilts. The inherited things gradually disappear in the ever-changing world. Thank you Ziqi for the touch. 
She and her lovely grandma remind me of those plain but precious days.
This is My favorite video and I think I have watched it at least 10 times this reminds me of my childhood I have seen people make mattresses like this, it is very messy but wonderful to watch 
I admire her dedication to her Grandma . LZQ treats those around her well.
Super I love you ️️️️️
Какая красавица и труженица -умелица!!! О всех позаботилась , о бабушке , о собачке и все у неё с таким мастерством и любовью!..такие они трудолюбивые !! А смотреть на все это просто не оторваться! Прелестница !! И все это исходит извнутри.️
woderfull traditional  life   .china I like to live this place ...relax  life
Liziqi is just like my mother. So hardworking and creating everything by her hand. I remember when she used to make mattresses for us when I and my siblings were young but now she has a chronic back illness and it's hard to do that anymore but I've watched and caught up on the handiwork and Liziqi inspires me to make one for my mother
Que hermoso cuida su perrito y más q nada a la señora me impacta como trabaja lizi me gustaría hacer lo que ella hace aunq no le entiendo nada xfa pongan subtitulos Dios les siga bendiciendo
Every time I see your videos I feel so cheated that we are not taught such beautiful life skills. I love what you do, I just picked some cotton from watching you I’ll see what I can do to. Thank you for sharing your lifestyle with us.

Glorious. Grandma and doggy .. so much love to the beautiful Liziqi ... Thank you for your loving kindness and stunning skills ️
️
Ziqi Li lives in Sichuan province and so do I.People here show much respect to her for spreading our culture to the world.Thank you guys for loving her!
Isto é viver autênticamente! Emocionante a delicadeza e beleza da atividade na NATUREZA. Lindo espetáculo!!!       
thanks to Liziqi .i also have gotten myself into doing more chores and learn extra stuff like crochet and more .you are such an inspiration .thank you for all these videos 
The way her mother/grandma smiles
(Im proud of you!)
I just saw you and I love you. Your videos are earthly wholesome. It fills a certain emptiness in me, and I wish I could join you and learn from you.
Baground is heart touching
Increíble! Excelentes vídeos siempre
️️️️
This lady is always working so hard.She is incredibly inspiring makes you believe anything is possible mo matter how difficult it seems.
子柒把中國农村的真實农作及平凡的日常生活展示的如此美麗！中國的文化之美就是如此自然清新！只有有心之人才能去发觉體會中國文化之美！
Makes me realize how I took so many things for granted. Thank you for sharing and opening so many eyes. Have a great day
Good cotton she wow beautiful winner  1st 
She is really a hardworking person. Very kind and generous 
我喜歡你， 女孩， 你是如此甜蜜和好女孩...我我喜歡你， 女孩， 你是如此甜蜜和好女孩...
In the end this handmade quilt makes me feel the warmth of her hard work she did to grow cotton..seperating seeds and then finally making it.
This is incredible!  What an amazing way of living. Beautiful skill.
I love your videos so much, not only coz they are sooooo excellent, but also I am from Sichuan. Now I am living abroad. While I see these stuff and the ways you are showing and get the Sichuan dialect you are speaking, I feel so closed to my hometown and my family, such a  natural and true emotion from the bottom of my heart! Really amazing!!!
Megusta la agricultura china
Her videos are amazing. Yet there's something so strange about when she enters into her grandmother's house, the look, the furniture, etc. It makes it feel almost hyperreal.
Woww..  incredible..
Seeing a beautiful woman like Liziqi working hard, doesn't mind any kind of hand works to make beautiful things is very inspiring!
Pero que mujer tan más inteligente y trabajadora. Excelentes cosas q hiso felicidades.
That red coat her grandma is wearing looks So comfy and warm, like you're wearing a quilt! No doubt she made it for her grandma.
She has a good land. She is so hard working. She can do all these magical things like a disney princess.
God bless her️
This is so satisfying I wish I can have a life like this 
He is very hard worker
Que lugar tan hermoso 
She is great...
I wasn’t expecting that she did all that for her grandmother such a selfless sole . That’s true love ️
I love how she loves her grandma!!
I know it's a sin... But I envy her... For her knowledge about literally everything, her talent, her bond with nature. I envy her.
️
Amazing. I can't believe she is so skillful in everything. Please tell it is true or not. How can a person is so easily doing work from growing cotton, sewing a bed sheet. whatsoever we love you so much and your grandma.

The reason why she has long time no updating, is because her grandma is sick, so she needs to take good care of her grandma first. Also, she is recovering and taking a long break, make sure everything fine, hopefully her grandma get well soon! and she might be back in few days :)
I want to go there with your place so I can learn even how to plant and live with my own sweat just like you always shown in your video.
Essa garota é um gênio.
i donot know why but this is the episod which i think i have seen various times
 magnífico!!!

She is so amazing she made a bed for her grandma and the dog, I can’t 
Love how the little pupper snuggles into his blue blanket/pad. So comfortable.
She also deserves the highest subscribers among the u-tubers. Why don't we all give out our best thumbs up and also subscribes her channel by sharing with brothers and sisters if she is willing to shear her knowledge with you and me.
Какая же милая  и трудолюбивая девушка, сейчас таких не встретишь
The old traditional tools she uses for making mattress from cottons are very rare nowadays in China, but they were
quite common in old rural China households. I don't think you can find any of those tools in other countries.
1ue lindo
You don't have to promise anything your titles are just beautiful as your videos ️
Everytime i hear the song in her vids i feel mdzs
My greatest respect for her. 
She is so deligent and I admire her a lot just seeing this one video.
The babies! Also great craftsmanship and a reminder that things used to be very different here on earth.
You are so loving! ️ and so hard working!!
What a wonderful women !!!
Every man like this kind of women .
My girlfriend doesn't know how to wash her hands properly .

======================            
RICE (Russia - India -  China - Ethiopia)                       
======================
So the dog was cold and liziqi made a warm comfortable duvet/mattress in a minute. This girl is the real definition of a fairy.
Love from india
We grow tonnes of cotton, but never once tried something cool. This is the difference between me and this girl.
 May God bless souls like me to make some wonderful things
...and she has my love for that attention given to her dog at the end. This woman makes me want to be more creative as a person :D
This is very peaceful. I wanna live a life like her with my loved ones away from this exaggerating city
️
Xem video này nhớ thời thơ ấu được xem bật bông quá! Cô gái thật giỏi giang khéo léo 
️
Fan from indonesia🇮🇩
Suddenly im a fan of cotton after watching this vid
Cotton plants& field look very beautiful️
The process of making blankets is very tiring& complicated️
But the end results look very comforting & that would be for years
Love her videos! Greetings from Mexico!
She is incredible.  My mother used to tell me  it’s important that someone is not just beautiful on the outside but inside too!
So amazing, like literally she started from zero to make some matters.
She is amazing, hard working, brain of knowledge and experience.
أصيلة 
Ну про собачку в конце это оооочень трогательно.!!!очень интересные все выпуски..великолепные все просто!!!
Excellent
Man, I swear, this is how you live a fulfilling life. I know its not for everyone but if I was given land with a house I'd never work a 9 to 5 job again.
Ella es una mujer increíble
She inspire me and wishing I could learn from her
ช่องนี้สนุกมากค่ะ
In my 50+, this video bringing me back to the memory of my 10 years old. Thank you !
You are very good and intelligent girl nice
It was exactly  this kind of quilt i had when i was little, it's just so soft and warm sooooooo comfortable
this video is a treasure
Είσαι φοβερή !!
Watching her make me feel so calm.
Good
You are sooo sweet,  super talented,down to earth person which can seen from your videos.
Me village se hu ...or village ke log hamesa hi liziqi ke jese hi hard work krte he or sare kam ladkiya hi krti he ..khana bnane se lekr pura kheti badi sareee ...

Mujhee bhi kam krne ka mn hota he lekin ..me entrust exam ki preparing kr rhi hu .... ️
I have really bad anxiety attacks often, and whenever I do I always turn on one of your videos. Thank you for sharing a piece of your peace with me.
You are an art. all by yourself ️
When liziqi uploads I stop everything and watch it.
Я просто в шоке,как все красиво и сколько потрачено труда и любви
I LOVE and admire this Young lady . !!!!! And her grandmum IS so sweet.!!!! From Buenos Aires Argentina.....

I think she's a nature's angelShe inspired me to work hard with the talent I have
Лудшая жена
She spent two years for only this 11 mins, love those who respect their life and work, by the way I miss my home town Guilin very much I can't wait to go back
Wow. I haven't seen cotton grow before!
Hola me llamo Jesús ,  te veo desde España y me haces recordar a mi abuelo y A mí trabajando en la huerta , espero que tú camino en la vida sea próspero y feliz buena suerte
Wow super video
People like her is so rare in this world now .️
Amazing....
Living in lower Alabama ( in the USA), I see the fields of cotton every year, the tractors during harvest, the huge rectangle bales of cotton and the round bales too. As the trucks haul the bales away cotton will drift along the edges of the road looking like bits of snow.  Being a farmer with modern equipment is backbreaking work; but seeing her doing things by hand is awe inspiring.
Хочу туда
Повторить весь этот опыт с момента посадки до момента создания вещей
Oi meu nome e mia eu amo esse canal ele me acalma e maravilhoso 
Fell in Love...
Какая она многогранная, чего толко она не умеет,смотрю завораживающее на неё,какая она молодец!!
A virtuous Woman. So beautiful, amazing, lovely, and wonderful. Much Blessings to you. Thanks for sharing, Lord-Jesus-Christ com
子柒身上有着国人勤劳、宁静、坚忍、不争的气质。为你而自豪。
saya sangat suka vidio anda karena penuh dengan kebudayaan yang anda angkat..lanjut terus dan penuh semangat..salam dari indonesia...
The most beautiful, talented woman I’ve ever seen!
She can make anything out of everything..
Girl in over hear trying to make an fish pond in my yard and she is over hear making an whole setup for her plants! Her skill is on level 100,000,000,000,000 she is so talented.
Liziqi, you inspire and peoples hearts and minds all across the world to live and understand and appreciate a more simple way of life.

From canada ! enjoy your channel all day ! calms me after work so much !
太牛了！
When I was a child, I remember we always watch people making duvets on street. Normally a husband and a wife traveled around cities and asking for businesses. They stayed in tent by street and making duvets for living.
So beautiful and peaceful......... please do not change the series name!
YOU ARE SOOO GOOOD KEEP GOINGBIG LOVE FROM ALGERIA
Liziqi do you know how to speak English huh
i can say that you are a lucky charm who knows every thing cooking to making cotton blankets. wow
عاشت ايدج
The world: People are destroying me with chemicals and technology.
Me: No, Liziqi will save you with her hands. 
Totally amazing what a clever women and amazing life
My My My!!!!!!  You are amazing I would love to go over there where you are and for you to teach me the things that you know. My Grandmother taught me Quilting. My Dad taught me curing hogs and deer and some beef and smoking hams, processing the whole animal. But you go on to the next level of persevering, Dying your on silks and now you harvesting cotton, Wow  Thank you for all your video's ‍And you love your baby animals, I bet it's very cold up in the mountain's, you made your baby a cover, I love it!!

A wonderful grand daughter!!!
Beautiful girl you work  very super
I am 67 never see people do this thing,
It surprises and pleases me,like us over the world.
She is just a young person, can do amazing work.
I feel appreciated,love from Thailand.
The way she loves her dog so cute
Is there no one going to talk about his brother love who is always with her and never came on camera . I read about her on Google and get this information when she completed her study and started working for a company... she left job and came back to her village ...never seen such dedication it's amazing to see her videos 
A cultural/ historical treasure
  Grandma looks at her and knows life was very well spent
She is very inspiring and strong and independent
Когда вырастила хорошую дочку:
She is an angel. I am so overwhelmed by her talent, work ethic, and beauty.
I like the dresses made by you very much, you can post me after making a dress
My goodness what a fantastically talented, strong, compassionate beautiful woman.
I wish I could be the dog with all those comfortness it receives from liziqi...
It is really a great job 
One of the best Li
I want to live life like this 
What a girl she is ...
What a lady!she is enjoying every moment of her life
!Que bonito! Saludos...
Wish your Grandma always be healthy and you will always be successful and happy !!!
Excellent
Never seen such hard working women
李佳佳真的超级棒棒哒自己都冻得流鼻水了，只给奶奶做棉花被，自己没有。非常喜欢妳这种敬爱老人家的精神纯手工制作的棉花被在我妈那个年代是非常昂贵的，在结婚时的嫁妆能有一床这样的被子就很多人羡慕了。虽然重但非常暖和，爱心满满。
My goodness me, everytime Liziqi you show a new skill, and this heart warming film is just amazing, tell me what is the 
idea behing the cord twanging what does that do?


Your grandma must be so pround of you, your home is a place I am sure many would love to see, and your face is such
heart warming, I have just come home from my job, we are very busy in the seed season now till June and sometimes
when I have my break, my mind wonders to you and your home, bless you and all around you Liziqi, thank you for all.
Amazing!!!! Love your videos soooo much)
That explains why those faithful puppies following her around,animals know who love them!
She made a cotton quilt by heself. It reminds my memory in old days a guy made a quilt in my house.
Eres hermosa me encanta como vive, soy adicta a tus vídeos, quiero saber cómo te cuidas el cabello. Te hablo desde Colombia
Hay quá
Soy de Nayarit México y me gusta mucho ver a esta mujer es grandiosa
Super big effort
看见棉花飞舞，我有点泪目了，多少年没见过弹棉花了，儿时的记忆已经如此的模糊不清，谢谢你，李子柒 
NO ROOM FOR COMPLAINS...AMAZING GIRL..!!
Young lady, your life and the things you can do are amazing, an inspiration.

我希望妳不要太勞累多愛自己的身心健康，我看了會感動淚流心疼妳！

Amazing!! She made me realized that I had forgotten all about my childhood, when life is very simple but happy, everyone was very friendly. There is no pollution, it's so fresh.
I'm just wondering how long it takes for her to get these cool ass camera shots haha
You are amazing. You can do anything everything. I always see your videos
Your doing hard work
She such a takentad and hard working girl..... Lots of love from india🇮🇳
Take care about your self
有个日本网站在用你的视频内容做宣传，但是没加水印和来源，想问一下你授权了吗？
I loved seeing her grandma as she reminds me of mine. And now they blurred her out which I understand may be for privacy reasons but non the less, I'm going to miss her grandma's cute smile TvT
Всегда интересно это смотреть ))
Your grandmother is so lucky,becous     she has a wonderful granddoughter.
種から育てるって、すごい、素晴らしい。
You are so calm and peaceful.Love from Greece
1:24 what is the name of that plant?
Thats how real men and women are supposed to be! Beautiful sustainable living! Lots of health benifits and benifits to the planet when you do things yourself rather than buying things from the mart, nicely packed plastic stuff!
love you
The amount of time it took just to thread the frame had to be hours. I was confused at first about the bow object until she put it on her back. Then I thought, how ingenious and simple.
Ничего себе какая она молодец)!!!
What a cute dog. The original way of life feels beautiful.

Elinize sağlık harika oldu...
Wow 
Many comments are like wish to be as talented as Liziqi.
I’m like being as lucky as her puppy is enough for me.
 simplemente increible
Молодец,во истину кричу браво этой девушке
Also want to know about firth ooh it's a woo woo or fussy one
🇧🇷🇧🇷
️️️️️
李小姐，借用您的平台祝福大家身體健康！武漢加油！中國加油！大家攜手共渡難關！️️️
she has a precious task than i ever did in my school
I used to live like this and used to do it like her. But when growing up, my family and I have to move to Europe The old way of life was gone. Someday I will return to the old life that I love. Thailand
I can only wish to have her level of patience..
Не писала клиенты давно ,но тут не удержалась " вы такая маладец ️️
Her hair is so heathy I want her hair care video
Now that's what we call 100% Coton 
Cô nay rât chăm chỉ
China is a vast country with multi-ethnic integration including 34 provinces (municipality directly under the Central Government, autonomous regions, special administrative regions). Li Ziqi speaks Sichuan dialect in her videos, Sichuan, a province in Western China. In today's rural China, there are some people engaged in labor, but how to make a dish or a dress like Li Ziqi is rarely shown from the beginning to the end. I think, as a typical Chinese madam, she can do what she likes and pass on Chinese agricultural technology hundreds of years ago, which is also the place I am most proud of. China is a safe and stable country where kind and enthusiastic Chinese people live happily. All the good things you see in Li Ziqi can be seen in today's China. We can't judge that the whole China is bad only because of several persons bad behaviors. The prejudice in the heart is a mountain, so please let go of your biases and worries.
At present, China's epidemic situation continues to decrease and has stabiled, but in addition to the increasingly serious epidemic situation in other parts of the world expect China, I also wish you to get through the disater early. I hope that when the global epidemic is over, people from all over the world are welcome to visit China. Whatever you want to experience high-tech and urban architectures in China's big cities or Li Ziqi's rural life in China's villages, you can always find your favorite places.
 PS：I'm an ordinary college student from China, and I just wanna tell you guys the truth about  China fairly. My English is not good, please forgive me, some translation results come from Google.
ความคิดสร้างสรรค์มากเยี่ยมเลย 
Thank you so much x Life can be beautiful sometimes

Completely lost for words.... So very very talented.
I agree what men can do women can do better shi Great woman there
Her kitchen knife was used  in the field, chopping cotton branches. She tried to use everything for the maximum purposes.
Video càng ngày ra càng ít. Cơ mà chậm nhưng càng hay càng đẹp hơn. Love you LiZiQi
I wish if i can live with her ️
Fantastic
大変そうだけど、そういう技術が欲しい(๑>◡<๑)

I hope everyone who watches this treats your family member kind ,i hope my grandma happy and health.
So independent and patient!
8:30 look at how defined her hands are. They aren't dainty or delicate looking. They are rough and well sculptured from hard work. I can't imagine all the calluses she has from doing this.
Your grand-mother is the happiest person in the world 
Este video lo amoooooo me rrecuerda a mi madre me. Trae mucha paz
All in one .....  Girl
This is just soooooo amazing
hbd liziQi 
that dog's name is Guogai, her oven is made of her!(that dog shaped oven)
Beautiful craftsmanship 
Beautiful video
You are amazing 
Wow so nice
The hardworking princessi love you Lizqui
JAMS
(Tears)!!
Please,please
(Tears)!!
Her: makes an entire mattress out of self grown cotton
Me: gets winded going downstairs to get the mail
It is the channel that makes YouTube a worthy place
La vie sans artifice
La douceur ,la beauté de dame nature et le silence
Merci
Catherine c
你明白生命的真谛
Me gusta ser buena aprendi d ella (◍•ᴗ•◍)
️
Update news about Liziqi (李子柒最新消息中文见后) source: Li's assistant(MingGuo)'s Weibo/public news etc.
 
Jan 25, 2020: Working on medical supplies to donate to WuHan Hospitals.
 
Jan 28, 2020: Buying and donating more medical supplies to Wuhan area Hospitals. 
 
Jan 29, 2020: Continue working on donation.
 
Jan 31, 2020: For last several days, LiZiqi was busy day and night to get medical supplies to donate to WuHan Hospitals.  She has donated 40000+ Masks , 1000+ protective clothing and many other medical supplies. She was continue busy on it. 
 
Feb 10, 2020: Donated 500 Liziqi style's gifts to her hometown hospital staff.
 
Feb 20, 2020: Grandma's old healthy problem came back again. Liziqi needs to take care and spends more time with her. At same time she is preparing the farm and garden for Spring. New video may come in about two weeks.
 
Jan 25,28,29,31, 2020:七姐这两天，白天晚上都在打电话发微信，国内国外筹集可靠现货物资，干活的时候都一直在回信息。争取以最快速度发给紧急且可能被忽略的医院。目前已经分别向
1，武汉市第四医院赠2500个3M1870医用N95口罩，1-25已发货，陆续已签收；还有几千个被截胡了她还在重新筹集。
2，武汉市第九医院赠8260个N95口罩；2000个医用手套；1379件防护服；少量护目镜。1-25至今已发货6批，还有2批即将发货；
3，湖北省广水市第一人民医院赠5000个N95口罩；10000个医用手套，1-28已发货2批，还有1批即将发货；
4，浙江大学医学院附属邵逸夫医院赠4500个N95口罩，1-28已发货；
5，四川省绵阳市疾控中心赠10000个医用外科口罩；明日发货。
6，浙江省邵逸夫医院下沙院区，赠1200个N95级口罩，已送出。
7，湖北省孝感市第一人民医院赠5000个N95级口罩（已电话院方确认可接受），国内发2500份，海外发2500份；今天全部完成发货。10000个一次性医用手套，今天全部发货。500瓶75度酒精消毒喷雾，3天内发别的快递（顺丰无法发酒精）；
8，湖北省孝感市疾病预防控制中心赠2500个N95级口罩，今日已完成发货；
9，四川省 绵阳市 区疾控中心赠N95口罩1000个，1-27日发货，明日到达。
10，湖北省孝感市高新区社区卫生服务中心赠500个N95级口罩，今日已完成发货
11，湖北省孝感市安陆市陈店乡卫生院赠500个N95级口罩，今日已完成发货
当前不完全累计：
已送出30000+ N95/N95级口罩、10000个医用外科口罩、20000多件医用手套、1000多件防护服，部分护目镜、医用消毒喷雾等。每一个快递都有在追踪有无安全送达大家放心哈！你们李子柒这几天都睡的很少。凌晨4点都在给我发消息安排任务！有些数量低于500的我就没统计在内，确实有些忙、大家谅解下。
 
Feb 10, 2020:李子柒为每名绵阳市500余名防疫志愿者每人赠送一个保温杯。为了尽快将礼物送到志愿者手中，李子柒熬了一个通宵，在每个保温杯上写下志愿者名字、祝福语并签名。注意:每个保温杯上写下志愿者名字
 
Feb 20, 2020:最近春种，加上奶奶不是最近老毛病又有点发了嘛！老七就在家一边干活一边陪奶奶。白天干活一边跟旁边看着她干活的奶奶说说家常，煮各种好吃的。晚上跟奶奶一起看会儿电视然后睡觉。加上她自己前几年剪片子熬夜熬的太厉害，所以也想小休息一下调整下作息，也好好陪奶奶。看到私信很多人问更新的事情，我们大家就再给她多放小半把月的假吧！
 
Copy From 李子柒她助理 https://www.weibo.com/u/6357441520?is_hot=1 
李子柒超话 https://www.weibo.com/p/100808f6aeabb30583ae09f69c8012bb88c474/super_index
Amazing! She's so cool! 
Well now I feel like the laziest person on earth.
Amazing!! Lost for words 
So beautiful, I want to cry.
Cand,voi mancati caine 
le  se uita la voi  si pofteste si el.Dati-le si lor 
putin.
Oh my god ! She's a versatile woman

Now, some people accuse Ziqi,s  videos of being “fake” and too far away from real life. But think about it. We know for a fact that Star Wars is “fake,” we know Superman is “fake,” we know pretty much all movies are “fake” in that regard. But it doesn’t stop us from enjoying a good movie. Li Ziqi is extremely creative. She presents everything with an artistic touch, and the end result is simply amazing. Is it exactly how she lives her life now? Maybe not. But even if it’s a dream, it’s a beautiful dream built on real life.
She's the woman with zero complaints; rarest of the rare !
I learned a lot from this video.  how to make a mattress ... that's a cool thing to learn
I loveyou liziqi
So a magically beautiful girl and she does such hard work !!!
So hard working.  She is pretty tooo.
You have lots of care to human and animal, such a greatest lady
U are so great Liziqi!
Talk about labor of love! Oh my God it’s so amazing what humans hands can do!
We Miss u .. ️
“The life of” is a great way to begin the title your videos!
Really is great thing and doing sadhana . My question is does it really help after chanding Dharma?
很难相信这么美这么沁人心灵的作品，却是先在海外火起来才带动国内的（没有其他意思），看着身边许多人沉迷那些土味视频，还把网红、流量明星等浮夸垃圾当作“美”，只觉得李子柒实在是一个很特别、很有审美的人；
实在不知如何形容这样的美，留句词吧：
流水落花春去也，
天上人间
Yo the minecraft update lookin cool as hell



In all seriousness you are incredibly skilled at what you do this is amazing!
I pray the coronavirus doesn’t touch her or her grandmother


EDIT: Calm down, people. I didn't mean to start a war!
Awwww the last part was cute 
Is this what love feels like 

Living legend 
I love so much because you made you everything in your own hand that's why I love you so much Good night bye bye my sweet dreams and my cite pie
i died when she made that blanket for the dog. someone do the same for me
That was amazing!
WE LOVE YOUR THE LIFE OF SERIES!!!
Her Grandmother's knowledge is blooming through her.  Sometimes in life you don't achieve your goals but God, Allaah in arabic, helps you achieve them through your offsprings. She is now a global icon.
Oh my..you are so sweet.
Even that dog is luckier than me... First time feeling jealous of a dog
She is so humble and nice girl..
너무 아름다워요.
The life of Xinjiang Cotton
Wow. Güzel ve kolay bir teknikmiş. I like it.

For those people who dislike this, you guys just bitter and jealous cz you can't live such a happy peaceful life like her. Y'all trapped in the city and stressed out with your office work
Where she learned all this??  Bravoo she is a beautiful example
Wow! Un colchon de algodon 
That dog at the end is soo cute 
Wow! Un colchon de algodon 
Beautiful your work is super

Amazing 
You are working very hard and  very much much cold what is your name very nice 
If the world ever came to an end, it would be people like who would survive it all
A great farmer.. i respect u sister
O god... Amazing ️️️

You are so wonderful.. delightful..

//uses leftover cotton to make the puppy a blanket//

everybody liked that
She is so beautiful, strong, hard working. She has mad forearm muscles!!!
No words my dear
I love her wtf 
wow she's really skilled

又是一个“一生”系列
谷雨前后开拍的。

小时候还经常看到我家这边有种棉花
长大之后再也没见过了
就是没人种了
那时候家旁边有个大晒坝
晒坝旁边就有将近1亩地的棉花
开花的时候漂亮极了！
白的 粉的花朵随风摇曳
我做作的棉花田里赏花，
还假装自己很美的样子～～～
现在看来，至少这一点我还是没变的！！

今年试着种了一下，
网上买的种子
担心品种原因种不了就买了几个品种
结果还好都有出芽，
只是移栽那段时间我忙别的耽搁了
困了苗子，
导致最后生长情况很差
但好在也是有点收获。

摘回来的棉花要晾晾去水汽
然后就是去籽
小时候还能找到去棉籽专用的木头梳花机
但现在都没有了
所以只能靠手
一颗颗摘肯定是摘到过年都摘不完
想了个办法
用梳羊毛的梳子来梳掉棉花籽
比梳花机慢，但也比手摘要快很多很多。
4斤棉花估摸着多半天

棉籽和杂质去掉后就准备拉线
这个就是棉絮的包裹网
要均匀密实的包裹住弹好的棉花
所以要各种拉，
按顺序横拉竖拉做格子，
大经拉完拉小线，
左右横竖通通拉一遍 
最后还得拉大线经纬固定
线拉好就可以弹棉花了

我弹棉花这个工具大概都20多年
很久很久没人用过
木头风化 竹条也断的差不多了

修修补补好一阵子
剁竹条的时候还被飞起来的竹棍子戳到鼻子
打磨打磨装上新牛筋弦还可以用

去掉棉籽的棉花还用棍子打松以后才能弹
棉花太死不容易弹开，会缠在弦上
越弹越紧

弹棉花真的是力气活！
这个一点不夸张，比让我背几十斤粮食还费劲
我小时候就是天天围着我姑父看他弹棉花
没亲自操作过，
这次给奶奶做棉絮才正儿八经的提前学了两天
太费劲了
木头10来斤，
还有木槌拉扯牛筋弦的力道
这个受力基础上还要保持平衡把棉花弹松
左右手都要同时发力保持和谐
要是能找到这个老物件你们可以感受感受，，，
              ——by liziqi     bilibili
Seriously who is she? Is she a chef? A gardener? A designer? She is a wonder woman. She has my respect. I hope nothing bad happend to you and your grandmother.
She makes me feel LAZY and I run around like CRAZY trying to raise children, work, garden, cook & clean house!!
I actually have a cotton stuffed blanket that is made that exact same way. When you take it out of its casing you can see all the crisscrossing threads. It's super warm and somehow still breathable. My parents and I brought it with us when we immigrated to Canada 15 years ago and it's served me well for many, many winters across multiple provinces.
I love to see grandma she looks so proud of her grand daughter. So much love and kindness in her eyes.
Giỏi quá
Благость жизни в каждом ее движении!!!! Это богиня, человек, умеющий почти все- великолепно строить, готовить, выращивать, прясть и так бесконечно!!!! Заботливая внучка, прелестная красавица!!!!
What's with the 27k dislikes
I just cancelled my favourite series movie when I got notification of Liziqi new video 
SUCH A PHENOMENAL YOUNG LADY AND ELDER THAT TAUGHT HER EVERYTHING SHE KNOWS!!! THE TIME THE ELDERS SPENT TEACHING HER IS EXACTLY WHAT THE WORLD IS MISSING!!!! KNOWLEDGE HANDED DOWN TO THE YOUTH BY THE ELDERS!!!! 
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE HER AND THE PERSON SHE LEARNED TO BE!!! I WISH WE ALL COULD LIVE LIKE THIS!!!! THIS IS HOW IT WAS MEANT TO BE BY OUR LOVING CREATOR!!!! THANK YOU DEAR ONES... FOR SHOWING US HOW LIFE SHOULD BE.... IF ONLY WE COULD JUST SWITCH OVER TO THIS WAY OF LIFE!!?!! BUT THIS LIFE DOESN'T JUST HAPPEN OVERNIGHT... GENERATIONS HAVE BUILT THIS LOVING WAY OVER TIME, THROUGH NURTURING AND HARD WORK!!! WE WORK HARD IN THE HOPES IT WILL BE EASIER IN OUR OLD AGE!!! 
MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR AMAZING FAMILY MIS LIZ, IN THE HOLY NAME OF JESUS, BE BLESSED! AMEN.
Супер-канал!Девушка-молодец!!! И красиво-гармония !!! И полезно-забытые или новые для меня знания!!! Такое время-может пригодится!!! 
Я желаю всем счастья!!!

Wish the best and lucky always beside and near to you sister ️️️️️ . Can i hug u  a big hug ️️️️️
Просто нет слов... ПОТРЯСАЮЩЕ!!!  где такому учатся...это просто состояние души...ПОЛЕТ ДУШИ!
سبحان الله وبحمده سبحان الله العضيم سبحان المبدع سبحان المصور اذا اراد لشيء ان يقول له كن فيكون
i am so lucky because i live in her hometown-Mianyang,i feel nice when i see the peaceful life and hear the local language.
Incredible how she does everything with love.  She has a good heart.  Increíble como hace todo con amor.  Ella tiene buen corazón.
Респект и уважение, здоровья вам с семьёй 
From india i like her video ....
Qué Maravilloso video, un ejemplo de dedicación y trabajo. FELICIDADES A ESA MUJER EJENPLAR ️
Thye girl is so cute
When your grandma said, "Back in the old days mattress don't exist". Show them this video. The old ways of making bedding. 
Estou encantada com os vídeos. São muito inspiradores. Vejo a Glória do Senhor em cada planta, às sementes germinando....coisa linda. Parabéns
Someone: I bet you can’t make...

Lizi: Hold my beer
Patience, love and empathy
Impresionante todo
️️️️
Elegant, gorgeous, lovely.
我擦，主播这把刀无敌了，干什么都可以
watching her do all those things makes me feel like a useless and lazy human being.
Impressive 
This awesome and satisfying
️️️️️️️️
love this
wow she is the greatest women
other people be like : 
i need something. must go to buy it tomorrow 
li zi ki be like : 
i need something. must make it tomorrow
Anyone else blown away by the photgraphic filming? To be honest I think her husband is the camera man, who grew up in a big city and studied cinomatography or something
这是我最喜欢的一集
How many land do you have??
Cinematically stunning
Brilliant
10:50 :Oooo what’s she making with the leftovers? A pillow? Knee Blanket?

gives dog new blanket with the gentlest of tucks

Me, crying profusely: O-OH
Какой труд..
What do you get when you put a type A personality in rural setting with access to social media?






Beautiful content.
Adoro ver , tem que ter tradutor em português, para eu entender, gratidão ️
Pureza de alma!
Linda menina!
Natureza ...e o cuidado com a avó! 
Emocionante!!!
The title tho 
Hermoso trabajo, podría verte todo el día. Mi corazón se emociona con la sonrisa de tu abuelita.
لا اله الا الله محمدا رسول الله .
That dog sleeps in a better matress than me
Ваши видио как мантра для души.Даже мотивирует и дает энергию.
Don't change the name of the series,  it's perfect as it is. You named it and let it stays that way.  If people don't like it,  that's their problem. Lot of love.
BBC: Liziqi cotton is forced labor
One of the reasons why I sooo love this channel is because it reminds me of my childhood. I remember my cousins and I used to separate cotton from its shell then my Mom would put it in a pillow cases, and tadaaa... handmade pillows for us!!! 
Relax!
你好。我是韩国人。  用翻译留言 热情生活的样子很美。 祝你永远幸福。♡♡♡
Great documentary of nature and traditional craftsmanship. The last time I saw how cotton comforter was hand made was 50+ years ago. I was fascinated then and even more now in HQ video.  This is a learning channel for our future generations.
Fiquei muito emocionada  com o carinho e cuidado que tu tns com sua avó.  É lindo de ver! 
Didi  are  you  very  talented
I died at the part where the dog cuddled into the blanket she made for them it was so cute 

Im sorry but why 9 k of dislike??? U there at home watching this video are u able to do 1% of what she does?? That’s not fair, the hard work she put on it.
Tudo no vídeo  é perfeito !!  QUE MULHER INCRÍVEL 
So patient!!

Take so long to film this video
WOW! Beautiful.
也让老外见识一下中国古老的制棉工艺，哈哈。
话说从前老早那时候的时候，我们还是自然经济噢，那时候资本主义最恨这个了“兰开夏的帽子中国人一人买一顶那得赚多少钱呐！”，这是英国人说的，结果中国的自然经济妨碍了这个，因此有了鸦片战争，扯远了。
我家里还有纺车和织布机——木头的那种——现在不时我母亲和姐姐还搬出来用用。我母亲她老人家今年七十有五啦。
 super
So beautiful
انت رائعه
整个过程记录的非常详细，完整。的确是我国民间一直流传的种植，筛选、制作的过程演习。而且影片制作的非常有艺术感，让人非常喜欢。
In simple words hats off akka
Ok I’m sorry, but picking cotton looks so satisfying and fun.. it just stretches and stretches, plus it probably feels super soft
Your  videos are a to good Im so like to you
I felt in love with her
Wow  I ABRASHATU you very well Strong women     
I love all her videos that are winter themed  It’s like she ensures she uses her talents to warm others  I love her grandma so much too~~I wish we could send them post cards so they know where all their fans come from 
WOWWWW TRES BIEN
The song makes the video fell spirited.. Thankyou..
I've seen ancient way do it,it a great.
Consistency is a great thing.

This is the most beautiful video I've seen...the process, the relationship,  the carrying on of tradition! So important and awe inspiring to witness. Thank you for sharing!
Hardwork
Making comforter for her grandmother is  warming. She can afford to buy a new one, but this shows love conquers all. Lucky puppy got one too.
Quanto amor!!! Lindo demais!!!
This was amazing and such hard work! Was hoping to see how cotton balls are converted into threads without machine though.
Masallah🇧🇩🇧🇩
U are such a amazing hardworker lizi sister. I use to inspirea lot after seeing ur videos. U are so so kind that ur providing a handmade bedsheet to that small dog. After paying lots rupees also no body is willing to send their handmade things. But u being a single human doing lots of hardwork and u providing ur thing to a dog. Hats off to u lizi sister. We will always support u.
🇮🇶
Some info about Li Ziqi: Li Ziqi's grandfather was a cook in her village, many of her cooking, woodwork skills etc. were learned from her grandparents. In the initial stage, she did everything alone by herself because she could not affort hiring people. After she became famous she hired an assistant and a videographer to help her.
Gente o que essa mulher não faz?Pra mim essa é a verdadeira mulher maravilha!
J'ai adoré c'est toujours agréable le partage de vos connaissances. Merci
这个小女孩在吗什么都会啊奇迹
Eres una mujer genial y ejemplar te felicito, Dios te bendiga . Saludos desde Colombia.
I m Bangladeshi i watching ur Videos
Her videos have helped me tremendously during my depression. I felt like I cannot live up to standards to work full-time and take care of home and garden. Watching her gives me pride in all the things I do around the house for my family that goes unnoticed. ️️️
I love your videos, and it’s very comfortable to watch them, you’re very strong and peaceful, thanks for showing and share with us.
She is an angel.such a humble  kindness  lovable  girl I ever seen.
Thank you!!! Xi xi!!!
Beautifully created and with such generosity too xx sending hugs and much love across the water to you ️
youre very overwork but still beautiful
If someone get you to want to be part of his/her culture even if you're thousand miles away and from a complete different cultural heritage, well it's a good job. The artistry of this woman tells us how diverse and similar we are at the same time all around the world. I love you much Li Ziqi and thank you for sharing your talent and your culture. I'm simply breathlessly amazed.
Perfect name for the series!   Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful knowledge!
原來棉被是這樣做成的哦！好辛苦哦！真佩服！好感動！李小姐真的好棒棒！小狗也好幸福有個好主人,奶奶應該更辛慰有個好棒又孝順的孫女祝福妳們身體健康,四季平安順利！也祝大家新年快樂！一切平安哦！️
Que trabalho perfeito.
I wonder how often does she make a mattress? I mean, for her to remember the delicate details, it's amazing. I do the same things daily n still manage to forget this n that!
Wow!
Que hermoso acto de cuidar a su perrito....me encanta
how could this channel can access youtube in China while ccp bans youtube
She is incredible. She's an inspiration to all of us
Una grosa!!!
Que inspiración  das.
Casi todo lo sacas de la naturaleza.

Y la camarógraf@ muy bien trabajo
Hey I always watch your videos too good and remind me of all work I was doing for my mother.. And now I do for my kids..inspiring. Really good too good.. Keep it up.. There's lot blessings in hard work
️️
Wow que hermoso felicidades no sabía todo lo que se puede hacer con el algodón me gustó muchísimo como me gustaría aprender hacer eso
Por qué viven solas ?
I love how your family take care of one another. Life should be like that always. Beautiful and handmade, it's just amazing.
She is so patient !! 
 Its make me have more strive in life 
Thank for updating the video
It's so touching how she is a great granddaughter~
I love the lady
she really loved her grandmother  she made anything and everything for her grandma 

Wow, amazing, this is the first time that I’ve actually seen the full life cycle of a cotton plant and how it would have been used before technology and large scale farming turned it into a mass produced product that we all just take for granted in life.
Please dont change the name of the series; I love it!
My eyes are full of tears... It's so lovely the way she care about her nanny and the dogs...and the house and all of it! So much love and happiness of Brasil 
Девушка очень красивая, да ещё и умница!
Such an amazing video ️  Love it! ️
มีชับไทยไหมคะ
This life is more beautiful than standing at the phone all day and having no friends
Very very so  mach l Love️
She is uniquely talented. Everything she does is almost perfect. I'm a huge fan. 
God bless you looking forward to the new videos.
Bom dia obrigada pelo carinho e respeito com os animais e com terra também, fiquei encantada com seu vídeo ,ganhou mais uma escrita com certeza 
Bravo c'est magnifique quel courage 

Какая красивая и трудолюбивая девушка.Щеночка тоже утеплила , олеяльце ей сделала из хлопка.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUsyL5lJL8o&t=3s 这是一个已经古稀的德籍华人老头、哲学博士、作家、影视编导特为老罗小曾而作。希望更多的朋友支持老罗小曾。预祝朋友们春节快乐！谢谢！
She's an angel showing how humans could've, should've and would've lived happily without all the environmental  destruction through pure hard work.
There is nothing wrong with your titles. It is the content of your videos that is important. Such hard work, and yet, in a way, relaxing.
Hello Lijiqi... I am from Bangladesh. My wife told me about your video. Yes !  It’s really feel great to see how you spend your life without technology. Lots of good wishes from Bangladesh 

I love how she just handed the puppy to the grandmother I dunno I found that so cute 
How she knows all this process
Absolutely incredible.  The talent, joy and love of nature and family is precious. Blessings to you dear and your grandmother.  Grazie for sharing your life with us. You are truly a gift.
Parabéns trabalho lindo
I  that she is teaching a way of life and living in a way that doesnt need big business.  There are not words to describe the beauty and ability.  I pray there are other young people in her village that are keeping this knowledge alive. And that she can share this life with a special person and can continue to teach others of a better way to steward the earth
Amazing video i wish it could b long and more detailed about the work that is done here ....editing is too short but no words for this girl 
You are absolutely amazing, God bless you.
I have taken my life for granted
After watching her videos, suddenly I'm doing what I do with more conviction.  If not, its easy to procrastinate and not have the motivation to really do everyday living stuff with a sense of accomplishment.

Li, I noticed you haven't posted anything for up to a month now. I hope you're safe and well along with your loved ones during this period of health epidemic
She is one of the hardest workers I have ever seen, a true craftsman and artist. If only our younger generations here in the USA could have this level of focus and commitment to things beyond silly video games, twitter, etc.
Awh man I wish I lived somewhere like that, looks so calm and humble.
Interessante.
She is Amazing...!!! Take me right to my childhood in Argentina. And I was the happiest person on earth. Nothing better than been connected to mother Gaia and know how to live anywhere. I love her. God bless her for inspires so many peoples.
Liziqi....no words to applaud and appreciate....especially the charm you carry throughout your work series. A true inspirational character....God bless you. Your videos will be the best companions for many lonesome hearts....a great service indeed. By the way, take care of your health too.....learned that you are over working....rest inbetween...all is well then. Cheers. And thanks.
All of your videos are so peaceful and easy to enjoy.
Really impressive, really inspiring work kudos from the U.S.
She's pretty IH IH IH IH 
Сейчас в нашем современном мире такое ,конечно, в диковенку ... Я восхищена этой девушкой . Можно бесконечно смотреть как она работает .
潇洒来去，不惹红尘。
纤衣素食，能奈我何。
I really love the that every time she makes something it's always for others first before she makes anything for herself
She’s a natural film maker and story teller! Wow and wow!
Looks like her grandpa  when was alive taught her much, respect for her grandpa  n grandma who raised her w/ love n care ...n she is good granddaughter also.. Btw I love look her cute puppies 
这集把我看哭了。这么能干又温暖的小姐姐！天冷多穿点！干活戴手套！
Hand made items life this will last a lifetime and even longer.  I was amazed at how she used all those hand made tools to make that beautiful quilt.  After doing all that labor of love for her GRANNY I think I would have fallen on that quilt and never woke up.
thank you for  sharing your life  its a life to be proud of
Interessante.
好厲害哦 
你的影片 都會讓我大開眼界啊～～
謝謝妳️
Excelente
The way she embellishes her work by working hard with passion in her eyes is so powerful and beautiful
She is the true living legend. And she will be alive in people's heart about thousands years.
Hermoso es un  arte 
Việt  Nam mới là vô địch🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳
Que  sabedoria. Parabéns
你很牛逼。什么技能都能解锁
This young woman is a true super-hero..she is selfless, beautiful, and watching her fills me with such love and joy..she is amazing.
Wow, she is amazing and makes everything look easy,!
I would drop everything I have to live like this!
Супер! Красота! Красота!
Ur videos soper
Ziqi, you helped me recover my memory of my childhood. I saw those cotton tools.
OSM kya bat h 
For me, an urban man, an extremely informative film. It is amazing how, thanks to such primitive, self-made work tools, you can create something so wonderful which, for example, is a warm cover for sleep. Liziqi, you are a wonderful woman and I look forward to all your constructive footage. Regards.
Здорово! Вот она-её  величество ЖИЗНЬ.
