I feel like she’s probably the one person who figured out how to grow money on trees
All of your skills and the beauty you've created around you are truly amazing; you're industrious and hardworking, and I wish you peace and happiness in your home life forever. Thank you for showing the world what one talented woman can achieve. Sending love from California.
''5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...''
This is one of the most amazing Youtube videos I've come across. I can't believe how physically strong and talented you are! Doing all these works on your own, effortlessly making all these healthy delicious-looking dishes and taking good care of your great parents. This video is like a beautiful documentary. So inspiring! ❤️
actions speak louder than words. Liziqi story is always amazing.
The basket weaving needs an episode on its own! So beautiful thank you for sharing your many talents
She is so amazing, Smart, Beautiful 
And peaceful life
Eu vejo seus vídeos para descansar a mente de outras leituras densas e reflexivas. Seus filmes são como bálsamo. Delicados de começo ao fim. Muito obrigada, Liziqi!
I love how she take care of her grandmother 🥰🥰🥰
The way she made a basket out of that leaf was incredible!!! 
BTW, her video makes me hungry 🤤 all those delicious food 😋
She is such a caring granddaughter. She works so hard that she could probably finish all the meatballs herself, but instead she pushes it into her grandmother's bowl.
Это прекрасно, когда у бабушки есть такая трудолюбивая, на все руки внучка, это пример и воспитание. Долгих лет бабушке и внучке.🥰
She makes me want to leave everything and move to the mountains and live this lifestyle.
It's such a pleasure to watch this, again and again.

Thank you, Liziqi. You are a great spirit! <3
There are people who doesn't appreciate the beauty of life ..for Instance, look at the number of dislikes! What is there to not like about this beauty? People are just so sad this days.
Truly amazing all the skills you have acquired and the beauty you have created around you. You are industrious and hard working. I wish you peace and happiness forever in your home life.  Thank you for showing the world what one talented woman can accomplish. Sending love from California.
Sonho de muitos, é que aos poucos estamos voltando para a terra! É uma felicidade ver ela cozinha e tirar tudo do seu entorno. Parabéns muitas felicidade para você e sua família. Edson de Pernambuco/ BRASIL
Красатуля, умничка, труженица!!! С таким интересом смотрю её видео, большой позитив на весь день. 🥰🥰🥰
The world needs more people like her. Such a beautiful country filled with edibles and a soul who knows how to prepare and use them.
she can make cloth, oven,houses furniture she has many talents
We love your videos! My 4-year-old grandson calls this, 'The Beautiful Show' and requests to watch it all the time. Thank you for the effort you put into sharing with all of us.
Thanks for this video, I keep on watching over and over again, all her videos are amazing. Shoot with care and with patience. Hardworking lady and loving grand-daughter. She learned from her ancestors...
I love how much she takes care of her grandma. So much love and respect
#Liziqi my favorite lady of all times, I love the way you live with your grandma and makes her happy and enjoy  your delicious recipes by you living peacefully in the country side breathing all the freshness airs... What an amazing beautiful life ❤❤
É uma terapia assistir seus vídeos, q Deus abençoe vc e sua vozinha
I’m so happy for you and your grandmother.
She is such a unique angel, I watch her videos daily and not get bored. Who  agrees with me,  Love from kerala India , she is such a multitalended  lady
Linda talentosa, inteligência aí tem de sobra.. amo seus vídeos até meus filhos gostam! Que Deus abençoe sempre 🙏
I love watching her videos. They give me a sense of peace.
Amo seus vídeos eles me acalmar... ♡❤
Parabéns amo os seus vídeos, são lindos❤️🌹🌹🌹
Missingsing your videos Liziqi.. This is one of my favourite YouTube channel.. all your videos are my personal favourites and they are so much satisfying relaxing and giving happiness to my soul. Watching these old videos again and again..


Love from India ❤️
I saw a quote some time ago:
"There are two kind of people: those who look for beautiful places and those who create beautiful places."

She is definitely one who creates beautiful places and things. It's really amazing and inspiring!
Que maravillosa vida en el campo , muy hermoso video pero me gustaria que traduzcan al español los ingredientes de las comidas se ven saludables. Les escribo desde Lima Perú  muchas bendiciones ❤
Beautiful garden oasis and the bamboo wall is brilliant to hide the brick wall and utilize for the cucumbers. Everything you prepare looks beautiful colorful and delicious. 💯💜🌟💜💯
5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...
I really really admire this lady imagine from planting.cooking her mother was too happy for having a angel like her fr. Philippines
She is Amazing, Awesome, Patient , Lovable, Beautiful, I am amazed to see a woman like her. She is doing a her work beautifully I have never seen any talented woman like her
I just love the relaxing moment of Ziqi's morning. She walks around her garden like a queen goes on patrol. She picks up the ripe fruits and tastes the sweetness of her harvests after all those hardworking. She really deserves that moment!
Outstanding love love love love it 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 I love the fact that she loves her grandmother and she is hardworking ❤️💖💖❤️
I cant imagine the time and commitment Liziqi had invested in this  "The Life of ..." series. She deserves all the love and respect🥺🥺😭😭🥰
I missed your channel! So good to see such a way of living. Glad i found you again 🌸🦒
Watching  you and your life is so relaxing!   I wish i could meet you the gardens are breathtaking!
Lindo vídeo!
Saudações do BRASIL
This young lady became millionaire in youtube. Her contents are keep improving so far she deserve applause. God bless to all reading this message thanks.
Qué hermoso! Gracias! por compartir este vídeo, bendiciones desde Venezuela.
Whenever Ziqi uploads something, it automatically uplifts my mood. she's so hardworking and dedicated. She deserves all the love!!
This is very,very  interesting nd wonderful. I' m inspired. Never knew a sweet video like this existed. Gonna intensify nd improve my hands on my gardening now. Thanks young lady for all the efforts nd grand mama too !
What a wonderful, informative, beautiful video! You are amazing! God Bless to you and Grandma.
It's so relaxing and refreshing 🥺❤️
No hqbiq visto sus videos, en verdad que me encanta es muy agil, para muchas labores, cada q cocina se me antoja la comida😋😋, me encanta!!!
Parabéns. Vídeo muito bem feito. Mostrou paciência, persistência,. Delicadeza.... Você é muito linda!
As a gardener, I have to say that her method of seed sprouting is massively cool. I am totally going to copy it.
I just wanna say thank you cause all of your videos are really relaxing and it helps me fix my sleeping schedule.
Saludos desde ciudad de México,que hermosa es la naturaleza en donde usted vive.
These vlogs make me wanna start my own garden
There is a level of beauty and satisfaction that I experience watching this that is so wonderful! Thank you for sharing such a beautiful arrangement! We all stand on the shoulders of Giants who come before us, some people just stand a little taller!
Lindo vídeo!!!
Saudações do BRASIL
This channel truly teach us what the real life we need to deal with and how to take care of our grandparents... And of course how to love and respect our nature....
Boa tarde gostaria se fosse possível traduzir em português 👍🇧🇷
We need a full garden tour. It looks like there are so many sections with different types of fruit trees and vegetables.  It must be an amazing place to live in.
È tutto bellissimo ciò che fai Liziqi, grazie!
Maravilhoso este canal!
Parabéns!
23:23 Hermosa elección 😘 Topgirls.Uno de los mejores conciertos ❤

23:23  Senada: ''Hermoso''
23:23  Megan: ''Hotter''
23:23  Hopi: ''Sweeter''
23:23  Joonie: ''Cooler''
23:23  Yoongi: ''Butter''
23:23  Amor: ''Momentos''
23:23  Alfiora: ''Preety''
23:23  Alana: ''Awesome''

23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente 🖤.
Very inspiring to see the progress, all along we are seeing productivity, persistence to bring out the best unshakable qualities of a leader wow
watching this again because I missed her so much😚❤️
Liziqi is not human, she is an angel. She comes here to show us how to life perfectly with nature
Nossa que lindo, que Paz, aaah!😍🥰
Sua casa é um restaurante vc faz tanta comida que dá água na boca
Sou do BRASIL🇧🇷,RIO DE JANEIRO.  Vejo sempre seus vídeos 🥰gosto muito me relaxa.  Pena q vc nunca responde  ninguém.
Всё так спокойно и гармонично! Просто отдых для души!
Just like a movie.. I'm an Indian kid and I learned and also realized many memories and knowledge from you.. Liziqi sis🌻🌻🌻
It’s like walking in heaven inside her garden. The puppies are adorable. Much ❤️ your way 🙏.
She is an artisan, in every meaning of the word.
Вот это да! Какая молодец!  Как гармонично она делает все!
Que maravilha esse video. Amo.❤🌹❤🌹
Обожаю эту девочку за её трудолюбие и трепетное отношение к бабушке и домашним животным, и ко всему живому и неживому, она похожа на сказочную добрую фею-волшебницу❤️🌈🧚‍♀️🥰хотя понятно, что за всей этой видимой легкостью, скрывается невероятная физическая нагрузка, работа ума и сердца🌟👏👏👏
Спасибо за видео , получил заряд настроения на весь день ! )
I love it when Liziqi makes a whole dinner using the same fruit or vegetable (like cucumber here). How can you take something and cook it with soup, rice, noodles, meat, fondue, maple syrup waffles, literally everything - and the whole meal is unique and tasty? It's amazing.

Lots of love from Russia :)
готовит прекрасно и всё ухоженно в огороде и забор из бамбука сделала умничка руки золотые у девушки
0:01 - 2019 winter

0:46 - 2020 just before beginning of February

2:25 – 2020 mid-February

4:25 – 2020 mid-March

5:39 – 2020 early July

7:41 – Marinate till cucumber water appears

8:03 – Smashed cucumbers

8:39 – Sundry

8:48 – Sugar, soy sauce, salt, Chinese liquor

8:54 – Cool naturally

9:03 – Dry surface moisture under the sun

9:30 – Pickle for 2 days under shade

10:01 – Soaking of cucumber skin

10:25 – 10:36 – Do not pick wild fungi without proper training and knowledge

10:44 – Collybia Albuminosa mushroom

13:55 – Last words of a chicken

14:13 – Marinate

14:55 – Cucumber skin stirred fried with bacon

15:05 – Buckwheat noodle rinsed in cold water

15:44 – Chicken strands cold noodle

16:24 - Collybia Albuminosa mushroom cucumber fried rice

17:13 – Pickled cucumber

17:39 – Pickled cucumber chicken wrap

18:22 – Cucumber skin meatball soup

18:29 – “Grandma, come to eat. It’s raining heavy.”

19:17 – “Cold boiled water, cheers!”
Parabéns pelo carinho e dedicação , tudo de bom pra você , felicidades sempre , Deus abençoe sua vida e sua família também abração Blumenau SC Brasil
its so relaxing and peaceful to watch
It shows how pleasant to be with nature💚
You are very hardworking and very talented.  Your grandmother is also very lucky.  When I watch you, I am filled with peace.  I find the courage to move to the village where I was born.  From Turkey with love.
Bamboo fencing is good for insulation against the cold and prickly 🌹 bushes great for keeping varmints away. I see her knowledge in her work.
Out of all her other 'competitors' showing similar content, hers is by far the best. Cinematography, transitions, content, quality 👌
This is such a soothing video to watch. Thanks for creating  it and sharing.
We are blessed that you got the unique idea of showing us the beautiful rustic life through your channel....💝💝💝
Que vida tan preciosa y maravillosa!
I wish that I had a stove like that to cook on. Very unique, at least to me. 
Very talented young beautiful lady.
Achei essa cerca de bambu que ela fez Barbara !
As plantas também são lindas
Uma pergunta ???
O que será que ela Não Sabe Fazer ???
Saudações do Brasil .
E obrigado pelas dicas.
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷👍👍👍👍👍👍
I was amazed that how easily she made the bucket to carry mushrooms.
“Wow, I’m finding a lot of things out here I would like to take back home…let me just casually WEAVE A BASKET out of this nearby leaf.”  I don’t know why, but that’s seriously blowing my mind.
I miss your videos so much I have been waiting for you all this time I hope you come back soon to enjoy you beautiful and amazing content ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are so amazing, i love all you videos, i always feel  happy when watching your videos. 🥰🥰🥰🥰
I dont know why....whenever I see her videos it gives me a lot of peace😌😌
This is amazing!!! I love this life style. Very nice.😁😁😁
This woman is amazing, I can see why everyone is so crazy about her,she is phenomenal
I adore you, you are so talented❤️
She has a million recipes for one vegetable. AMAZING
She is so proficient in everything, no wasted motion 👍🏻👍🏻🌹
This is what you call real living.
I envy her
Удивительный этот мир , эта природа волшебство какое и удивительные люди , полагаю из других планет приземлились на эти края , я восхищена от  увиденного ...
Que receitas deliciosas! Quantos legumes! Que delícia!
Es admirable todo lo que haces y ejemplo para todos.desde Venezuela te envio un abrazo princesa hermosa!!
This woman is an engineer, a craftsman, a great chef, and a priestess. She made a sign on the ground for peace-keeping with the spirits.
I hope to work with you and stay in this peace, energy and true life for human beings❤❤❤❤
Vous êtes incroyable, c’est magique !
Obrigada por colocar o tradutor, mas se possível coloque a legenda em Português para conhecermos os ingredientes. Está de parabéns!
This is My favorite , I always watch your videos , very inspiring 😇
Descanso a mente com seus vídeos. Muito belas paisagens.
I really like it, when the duration is so long. Even if it's an hour, I won't be bored.
What a life ❤
Lot of physical  hardwork- but a lot of mental peace 😇
Woooow !!!! Qué maravilla ! Qué mujercita increíble! Y qué lugar tan hermosooo !!!! La Naturaleza en su máxima expresión ! ! ! ! Dios Bendiga a ésas Buenas personas ! Y Dios nos Bendiga a Todos !!!!  😇🌟💫🙏🙌
Queria aprender fazer tudo isso aí,
Such a beautiful life ❤️
Eu amo. ❤️
This has become my peace in the storm named 2020! I wish I could read whatever it is that she puts up as she completes the dishes.She's amazing!
What a beautiful life... life with purpose 😊
I fell asleep twice watching this...not because its boring...its so Enchantingly relaxing..it takes my brain somewhere out of this world...into a story book maybe ❤
The way she is living her life is so appreciable
Que jeito fantástico de fazer comidas!  Tudo parece delicioso!
Me encanta su creación de esta hermosa joven
Liziqi me inspira. Me moveu em direção ao fazer. Auxiliou na desconexão da preguiça. Obrigada. BRASIL.
Very delicious wild mushrooms, my favorite ❤️
Grandma is lucky to have such a caring and talented Granddaughter taking care of her.
Even when I've eaten I still want to taste your vegetarian food 😋
So Magical, I was completely captivated by her!
才華橫溢的美少女 儘管生活艱苦，她仍然做了很多事情。♥
I like your food recipes and your life style. All the best. 🇱🇰
She is so amazing, Smart, Beautiful .And peaceful life
Nothing makes me more calm and content during quarantine then watching Li Ziqi's videos 🥺 I love her video style and seeing her create so many things from scratch she really is the definition of talent and hard workingg~
Que vídeo bom!😀
cô bé thật tài giỏi còn xinh đẹp !😘❤️
I love it and think its the real freedom when we doing the job or bussiness without knowing busy and that people spend their life with the environment
Not only beautiful but also good at almost everything ✨
Lizy Hola, extraño mucho que subas videos🤗 no nos olvides.
After watching all her videos , one thing is very clear about her that she is very hardworking woman with skill of ancient healthy cooking techniques with presentation knowledge and for most of all she can make everything beautiful including her self
Hola ziquini me encanta  lo que haces día a dia en tu finca es vida muy bella y tranquila
7:11 the green cucumbers do not grow well 
8:04 granny:rice is a little dry ziqi: not so bad 
12:25 granny: wow, so much ziqi: haha lucky day, I found so much.
13:49 I’ll be here, hold on, do not run around. 
18:26 granny, time to eat. Heavy rain~It’s rainning a lot.
18:37 granny, eat this chicken ball, I can’t eat them all.
18:44 granny, the chicken soup smell so good, right? Emm tasty 
18:47 so relaxing, hhh tasty~
18:57 granny try this chicken burrito, with mayonnaise spread
19:05 just a bit dry in the mouth
19:15 cold water, let’s cheers, hhhh
19:42 this is delicious~
7:11 这个青黄瓜今年结的很差
8:04 婆婆：这饭煮的有点干子柒：还好吧
12:25  婆婆：诶...（语气词）捡了这么多哦子柒：还是捡到了，
今天。婆婆：捡到了。子柒：还是好，运气比较好。
13:49  等会儿就过来？嘿，别乱跑哦。
18:26 婆婆，婆婆来吃饭咯，你看这个雨下得好大哦婆婆，下这么大，一会都下这么大
18:37 婆婆，你把这坨丸子也吃了，我吃不到这么多。
18:44 婆婆，这个鸡汤味香。嗯，好喝。
18:47 这个还安逸，嗯好喝
18:57 婆婆这个里面裹的是蛋黄酱
19:05 就是有点干
19:15 凉白开，来喝，干杯，哈哈哈
19:42 这个好吃
 
四川话初级学者我又来了，这次子柒说的真的不多，但也是尽力听了一下哈哈哈，我真的喜欢吃生黄瓜的各种做法，熟的黄瓜有点emmm，夏天就应该喝凉白开，解暑神器！万能的凉白开！
guys, I'm coming, lately I will translate the recipe showed in this video, hope to help you get ziqi's delicious food hahhaha one of our typical side dish with rice congee  is pickles, so many vegetables can be pickled，pickled cucumber is so hot and sour refreshing~
You are so talented. Amazing video. Viewing your videos feel like I too can do everything 😂😂. God bless you. Please upload more videos 👍👍
Hola, me encantaría saber en qué hermosa 🏞️ provincia de China ☀️ vive?, si Dios lo permite mi sueño es conocer 💖 Yunnan 💖, besos desde Jujuy Argentina 🇦🇷😘😘😘😘
Soy de México, me encanta tu canal, hace días empecé a seguirte, pero me doy cuenta que no tienes videos recientes que te pasa? Saludos 🖖
Her cooking an art!
She is the only person that I love because she relaxes me every time 我爱你❤️
Oh my God,  she makes basket leaves to carry the mushroom on the spot! She is indeen an amazing one!
todos tus videos son hermosos y tu abuelita preciosa...todo demasiado bello ....felicidades!!!!!
Extremely satisfying and inspiring to watch with my little girl💖💖
Pay attention to her dresses.  They are simple, well designed, elegant, and reflecting her beauty.  Well done.！
Just discovered this video, loved it so much.Amazing skills.
C'est un bel endroit où vivre. Je ressens une merveilleuse paix, une harmonie, une paix dans l'âme des gens qui vivent ici. C'est beau! J'aimerais y vivre. C'est une belle maison et la dame est belle et bricoleuse ! Merci d'avoir regardé vos vidéos. Je vous souhaite tout le meilleur et surtout la paix. 😊
This has to be the best YouTube channel. There are so many layers to it. It’s about rural life but could easily be a cooking channel, a craft channel, a moviemaking channel. All in one. Pure poetry. She does have subscribers, she has addicts. And I’m one of them
I want a life like yours so badly
You did such a hard work❤️
We miss you so much Liziqi. Please make more videos.
This is what I call heaven .... I want that pure and peaceful lifestyle like her 🙏 🙏
Que belleza de hortalizas y plantas muy lindo todo y usted excelente
Buen video 🌎🌴
wow, 
this is not content
This is Art, what a Masterpiece!!!!
Забота о старшем, это прекрасно а сколько блюд сделала красавица это нечто!
Out of nowhere Li makes a basket to carry the mushroom.
She is such a genius.
Hermoso Video 👍👍👍❤ hasta sueño me dio me relaje viendo la Naturaleza lo rápido que Cocina está linda chica como le hace de comer a su abuelita un Amor 👏👏👏❤❤❤❤😍 muy lindo lugar y todo delicioso!!!..SALUDOS 🙋desde Minatitlán Veracruz México 🇲🇽 bendiciones 🙏
Wow. That's so great. All that food. Wonderful cook. Eating off the land. It's so thrilling to me. So good.
When I feels hungry on the midnight, i will watch LiZiQi channel. It's works actually. 😂
It's so peaceful 💜
I want to go to her place and learn all these things and live like her
Girl went mushroom picking and thought ‘oh I need a basket’ and legit grabbed a leaf and weaved it into a basket. She’s so innovative and skilled, she’s honestly so amazing
Such a perfect showing of life in a Chinese setting, or almost too perfect!  Interesting for sure.
Halaman rumah yg luas,tanam2 sendiri ,bikin taman sendiri masak juga pinter,pokonya top deh,udah kesekian kali saya putar Vidio ini kangeun,kapan aplod Vidio lagi ,teteh cantik.sehat terus 🤲👍❤️
Antes de morir mi sueño es conocerte Liziqi,en persona.Creo que te debo las gracias,ya que eres un ejemplo para mi,yo sigo tu personalidad,para poder ser juicioso con mis oficios.
Everything they eat is natural Whole Food, no processed artificial stuff like the developed societies, no plastics no pollution …so Harmony and peaceful👍
I really enjoyed your video very refreshing and I would like to say that I love Chinese people and I pray for peace ✌️
The effort required to live this life is immense. Patience and perseverance beyond the average persons grasp. Yes it looks beautiful and I love watching this unique person, but most people could never do this even if the circumstances were right.
Todo mi respeto para ella ♡
So amazing when she made a basket❤️
Wow she's so amazing!! I also want to be like her
Seeing Grandma laugh and smile!!! Why that just says it all!!!
I wonder what her childhood was like with her grandma <3 cooking lessons?
What she lives is the 田園生活, life on garden and yard/field. She re-incarnates the life ancient Chinese poets like 陶淵明 etc have once lived. She convinces us that a retreated life on garden and field can be so full of serenity and self-sustaining. This kind of life is a return to our inner nature, which is so appealing to many of us.
Missing you lizi qi .... Hope you come online soon... And everything gets better... Strength to you 💪 ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
it boggles my mind that people can dislike these videos. i could watch them all day
Так красиво все делает, завораживающе👍💋
Depende de la zona donde habite. Me crié en el campo, En dónde las gentes se dedicaban a la agricultura y ganadería. La vida es dura, hasta 44 o 45 °C a la sombra y en invierno grandes heladas, épocas de sequía y de heladas, no es nada fácil.
Pero, me gustó el vídeo, muy bien hecho.
She is vey talented..❤
amazing detail, from the concept to execution, it would have taken many months to film all this,
You plant so many  fruits  i want to know how to plant fruits like you
She is for me the best Youtuber in the world. Her videos are really awesome. She makes me happy. The melodies in the background are relaxing and her life is a dream. With these videos you forget all your problems for a short time and can relax.  I don't know how she does it. But thanks for that!
Thank you Liziqi😍
Nossa e bem prática i parecia ta uma delicia a comida parabéns linda vc e profissional👏👏😋💕🥰🇧🇷🇧🇷
Необыкновенное трудолюбие, находчивость и терпение.И все такое вкусное.Красиво работает девочка, все с такой любовью.И все-то у нее ладится.
U are all-rounder.. 😍😍
When I watch your vedio I fell the peace... 🥰
I get so Peace and relaxation by watching ur videos... Like it so much.. 💚🙌
Wow nature can do wonders simple amazing  soo creative.good job.god bless you.stay safe.
She's like a real life Cinderella performing all tasks all day long yet looking so calm ,happy and pleasant..,,😊😃
Me encanta la vida de lizisqui por como combina varias cosas que no terminamos de conocer y como se las arregla para vivir y todavía cuidar a su casa y familia mis respetos que dios la bendiga siempre 🌹🌻 🍥
Почитание родителей, трудолюбие и доброта. Приятно посмотреть, надеюсь ваши дети будут также о вас заботиться.
なんて素晴らしいでしょう。お料理の早さ出来全て完璧、今後の活躍見守りたくいつまでも。
I love her ,she's talented and hardworking.the place is very productive and flowery.
5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...
The most talented and perfectionist women ever in the world I could say, your grandma will be the luckiest to have a daughter like you ...I wish you and your grandma good health and prosperous wealth may God bless.... Love from Manipur India
Awesome.,,... Amazing..... Such a beautiful life.  I would be so happy living that way. I live in the country  growing up so I can adjust .
Does anyone else feel a warmth within their chest, watching her live a peaceful and content life
Great video, great cooking and a beautiful girl doing all the work.  Must be paradise
Hallo from Indonesia .... im happy watching your video giving me a lot of inspiring back to nature ❤️
i think her family owns that farm and they raised her well taught her well on everything. she beautiful and hardworking lady. and i guess they have people too to work in their farm like for examples planting and harvesting all kinds of vegetables and fruits in their farm. i seen her video last time she made homemade stuff from their farm i guess they were selling it in the market. not just they own the farm but they have their bussiness as well.
I watched her other videos and love the blooming flower wall 🌸 🌺 very much and now I realized that she actually HANDMADE that flower wall herself! She blows my mind ! 🤩 😮
your videos bring me peace and serenity
我也是四川农村长大的，现在德国居住，每次看到你的视频，好亲切，好想家，好想念我们的家乡美味以及像你一样善良朴实的家人。祝你婆婆身体健康！老人家有你这么一个孝顺的孙女实在太幸福了！祝福你们🙏🙏
I am thinking about the cameraman..! The way he /she captures the moments..!😌👏👌❤️✨
the chicken caught me off guard ;-; but besides that i love her videos they are so nice and calming to watch and has given me inspiration to do this stuff when i move
Здорово,игра цветов в приготовлении этих не вероятно акусных блюд!!!
Amazing atmospheric cinematography! 👏
I want to spend my life just like this....🧍
She's one of the few channels where I don't read the comments until the video is done because she deserves all my attention.
He buscado mucho tus programas 😃 saludos cordiales desde El Salvador
Very good, muy bueno el video❤
So marvelous, siren, and mindful. Thank You, much enjoyed!!
Wow!!! What an A-MAZ-ING lady!! We need MORE people like her.
Девушка да бог здоровье я вас смотрю из России вы такая, работящяя как пчёлка умничка класс
I will literally choose this life than a luxurious life Imagine living a simple life fresh air and natural resources❤❤
Using the bristles of gourd leaves to wash the mushroom was perfect~~
It is like she does not take any thing for granted, that is a beautiful life.
What an amazing feast!
Thank y'all so much dearest 🌹
Y'all such an inspiration 🥰
Appreciate y'all from the bottom of my heart 💖
Be Blissful Eternally 🙏👼🌈
bạn nên làm phụ đề tiếng việt nữa vì rất nhiều người việt nam đều hâm mộ bạn
Eu quero ser que nem você quando eu crescer ;-; você é maravilhosa amo seus vídeos :3
E o seu charme e carinho prá fazer tudo isso
My granddad was so amazed by you, he loves gardening and he really admires your gardening and cooking skills. Our entire family loves watching your videos!
Everything is very beautiful. Thank you for sharing. Be healthy.
All these present the hard working , cooking skill ，and then —the beautiful results 。
liziqi  is my favourite youtuber her vloge videos just amazing,beautiful and peaceful also.
I really want to be where she is and the cooking skills and her life.. Amazing
She is amazing beautiful and hard working smart lady love from India🇮🇳.
Every time I’m down and absorbed by the world. I always watch Liziqi’s videos and it made me calm and realize that genuine happiness is within ourselves. It’s up to us to discover and enjoy it with simplicity and full of color. Nature would help us to recover and heal.
Her life seems so peaceful and happy. I want that
Это великолепно, спасибо вам и вашей команде за эти прекрасные ролики. Удачи вам😄
Such a clean water, calmy place , healthy food .. You're wealthy
i've literally never been so relaxed in my entire life. who would've know the answer was....cucumbers
I wish I could come live with you. It’s so beautiful there
my mom suffers from dementia for years now and it's hard for her to pay attention to things.. she actually glued her eyes to your videos from start to finish.. especially when it shows finished dishes, her eyes opens wide as if saying feed me that shiet now.. i thank you..
wow amazing video love this channel such a talented women
Those who say "It's like living in a paradise", "My dream is to live like her", be careful what you wish for. It's just a wonderful picture made by a talented team, real village life is harsh af. . To do all this work by yourself you have to be physically strong and sturdy like I don't know what. She is a real hero. Real village life is only for village life" connoisseurs" : ) For starters try to bake bread for your family every day, stop buying it in a shop. Then you'll get at least a slight idea of what  village life is like   : )  And the video is exquisite.
Hola Lizigi soy mexicana y me encantan tus vídeos felicitaciones eres una maravilla de mujer.
Me inspiran mucho estos videos🤩🤩🤩🇨🇴
Omg your cooking is amazing
I m sooooo jealoused from this lady , how she is soo perfect , intelligent. She can do everything thing. God bless her
looks so good just once want to eat what she cooks.
Better, more soothing, healing, soul nourishing food, lay back scenery and landscape, cooking for her grandma, hard work, teaching and silently encouraging us to copy her. Better to watch than most famous chefs we see on various videos
WSZYSTKIM CHŁOPCOM SERCA ŻYCZĘ TAKIEGO TRYTMENTU!
Most beautiful and relaxing Nature ❤️❤️❤️👍🏻👍🏻
Maravillosas   habilidades   en  una  forma  de  vida  natural  saludable   y  armoniosa.   Que belleza.
This channel is so relaxing… im missing my province right now
Cảnh thiên nhiên rất đẹp, bình yên
Sometime she looks like a character in survival games: Craft anythings, grow any plants, cook any meals. Wow.
Oi, Boa noite, eu sou do Brasil, gosto muito de tudo que você faz, e muito inteligente, e gosto de ver sua culinária, e diferente da da nossa.
No wonder why she look so young and healthy. Everything is organic.
I Miss liziqi video's ... I Will waiting for the next episode of her video's..😊🌻
看了令人十分的療癒啊！感謝分享！
You are so hardworking Liziqi, I love you
Nowadays we can find many YouTube channels that are making Chinese food blogging. 
But no one can get down Liziqi's 😊🔥💖 blogging talent !!!!! 
Whose agree or disagree I don't care. But it's a damn truth.
謝謝妳的視頻, 很療癒噢!
I swear at this point this women could make a house and I wouldn’t be surprised. She got the skills man
Everything is fresh and natural and on the top her hard work. You are really blessed 😊🙏
I live with many sufferings. I am lonely. When I have Internet, I watch your videos and go to bed happy even if I'm hungry. Thank you.
Những món ăn của lý tử thất, thật ngon quá. Em hãy làm những món ăn khác để mọi người cùng thưởng thức em nhé... !
If she had a master class, I would sign up
Još jedan pregled posle godinu dana, opet sam uživala u svakom trenutku trajanja videa.... Pozdrav za Liziqi iz Crne Gore 🤗👍❤️🇲🇪🙋‍♀️🌺🍀⛄
This girl can make a basket using a leave, it’s beyond my expectations.
Đúng là người tài sắc vẹn toàn vừa xinh đẹp vừa tài giỏi, đây là người con gái mà bao người đàn ông mơ ước mà không được, thật đáng ngưỡng mộ, chúc cho tử thất mãi mãi xinh đẹp và khỏe mạnh, làm thêm nhiều video có ý nghĩa cho cả thế giới biết đến em.....
So delicious! Congratulations!
She is so awesome and the real Princess
This is called self dependence ❤️ salute to you ma'am.
Very beautiful vlog ♥️
What a beautiful life. She has everything she needs. And all natural.
Muito lindo
We hope you are fine...praying for your  health and happiness... Wish you all the best...
子柒妳一個人！妳個人做的那麽辛苦！我看了就心疼呀！
Your videos are so relaxing and soothing... God bless you 👍❤️... Love from india
Mulher vc é guerreira viu.
I'm taking note of some of her clever methods, like how she rolls dirt balls and plants the seeds in those which means she can transport the plants more easily
Super ogród i bardzo kolorowe jedzenie , aż by się chciało spróbować. Pozdrowienia z Polski.
She is very unique lady and I watch her videos daily and not get bored. Who agrees with me, love from kerala India
I am in love when ever I watch the show, what's a Beutifully life , hard but peaceful
Excelencia en su cocina Felicidades desde Argentina 🐇🐩🐈🐓🐔
So cute sister love from Manipur,.. Simple life 😘❤ u are do amazing sister
Молодец ты супер!!!Здоровья тебя,удача и счастья!!!
She has a great cameraman 🤗
Actually I had totally lost interest in cooking after my mother's death, whom I lost 4 years back. 
But if it all I developed interest again in  cooking it is only after I started watching Liziqi's videos. I simply adore her lifestyle, her versatile talent and also her hardworking. Her grandmother reminds me of my mother. Thanks a lot Liziqi for uploading such beautiful videos.. May God bless you always🙂🌹From Bangalore, India.
Девушка красавица-труженица! Здоровья ей и счастья!
For one day she made many food 

Looking delicious 😋
仙子般的女孩，好美！
無所不能，太佩服👍
She is so amazing.
hola estoy  Anonadada de ver tantas cosas lindas .tanto como paisajes  y cosas de comer  tan ricas . y belleza de mujer  saludos para todos
She is the most hardworking youtuber I've ever seen.
Your video is amazing.... Beautiful song.... beautiful scene....  Everything so beautiful.....
Son unos de los mejores ViSiTsMe.UnO
los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer
Megan: ''Hotter''
Hopi: ''Sweeter''
Joonie: ''Cooler''
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 



Senada: ''Hermoso.''
 Amor. ''Momentos.''
Jamas.: ''Corazon.''
Habara.: ''Sostengo. .''


Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente.
hay nomas pa ra reirse un rato y no estar triste y estresado por la vida dura que se vive hoy..
Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas.
y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad.en.los.corazonede.
tus.admiradores......feliz
Navidad.y.noche.buena....mis.respeto.para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo. ..
She's amazing🥰
This girl soooo amazinggggg!!!!  My god she know everything...😊💪💪💪
I'm so obsessed with her videos 👍💯
這位李小姐真的很用心，把一個最原始的農村生活拍攝的真實性感，令人懷念，感謝您!😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Do you ever get pesticides? Your garden always looks perfect!
Caption:
0:02 - year 2019 winter
0:44 - year 2020 before spring
4:26 - year 2020 spring equinox (after mid of March)
7:40 - cure with salt until the moisture comes out
8:02 - smashed cucumbers
8:38 - sun dried 
8:46 - sugar, soy sauce, salt, Chinese white wine
8:53 - let it cool down
9:02 - sun dried the moisture on the cucumber surface
9:29 - marinate in cool dark place for 2 days
10:00 - soak the dried cucumber until became normal
10:25 - Do not recklessly pick wild mushrooms
10:44 - termite mushroom
13:45 - chili and mushroom oil
14:55 - stir fried cucumber skin and cured meat
15:05 - soak the soba noodles in cold water after cooked
15:43 - shredded chicken with cold noodle
16:25 - mushroom cucumber fried rice
17:13 - pickled cucumber in soy sauce
17:40 - sauced cucumber chicken wrap
18:21 - cucumber meatball soup
19:10 - cucumber-sour plum drinks
You are an angel, I am writing from Turkey and it is impossible to be there with you, but it is too late for me. I wish you a healthy life 🇹🇷🇹🇷❤️❤️❤️
You are so cute and strong God bless you dear. love from India 🇮🇳👍
I like the way she picked the cucumbers 🥒🥒 off from the plant
Wow really unbelievable...you're amazing❤❤🇱🇰🇱🇰
Nossa q/ lindo , e é  uma moça q/ esta fazendo .
Parabéns
There are two things I would like to say: I miss my grandmother terribly and I no longer want to go to a restaurant.  liziqi is an outstanding foodie, she now inspires my way of cooking and I pay more care and attention to the magnificent gifts of mother earth.  be blessed liziqi
Since I can’t live and learn from her in person. I would like to know how she keeps insects from eating her fruit and vegetables
У кого есть земле он сидит на золоте и эта прекрасная девушка нам это показывает.
I liked her so much that is why I subscribed her channel to watch many other beautiful videos
Что за женщина! Мастерица на все руки !
Some kid : I have a good handyman father
Liziqi's kid : I have an angel mom
Her videos reduces my stress in life. This is so relaxing, I feel like I am in another world whenever I'm watching her and her daily life. Good job yt for recommending  her videos❤️
TOP  10   ADOREIIIIIII   PARABÉNS
Hola li soy pamela de villa alemana chile . Una fan tuya. Siempre veo tus videos, me ayudan a ser mas feliz....me gusta todo lo que ases . Cariños a la abuelita.
Me and my kitty 🐱 loves to watch your videos... She is in heat &the music in this video really relax her... She loves to watch.... much love ❤❤❤❤❤❤ from me and my 🐱....
You are so amazing 💓
Son unos de los TOPGIRLS.Uno

Sun: ''Hotter'' 
Sugar: ''Sweeter'' 
Joonie: ''Cooler'' 
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 

Son unos de los mejores conciertos.#垃圾
While we are dealing with pandemic this strong woman is dealing with her garden full of healthy yummy vegetables 😇
Que maravilha , produzir seu pròprio alimento.
I love that you're "accidentally" giving us a garden tour. That climbing rose that you made....goshh so brilliant so creative so...😭💚
Lindo esse vídeo
A mi me encanta el campo y me hubiera gustado mucho vivir en un lugsr como ese ella es genial vive en un lugsr maravilloso  mis.sinceras felicitaciones. Que Dios te bendiga hermosa y trabajadora.joven
Bendiciones
感謝子柒🌸💝武林中的才女🙏🙏🙏
Estou admirado com essa jovem mulher virtuosa com sua desposição quê uma grande parte dos homens não tem , Preciso parabenizá-la  puxa como gostaria de uma mulher virtuosa como essa japonesa para se tornar minha esposa  certamente eu não deixaria ela se desgastar assim com esse trabalho brassal de homem alguém quê está vendo este vídeo  e lendo minha declaração para está mulher virtuosa possam  me ajudar em encontrar uma Mulher com essas virtudes e dedicação e principalmente pela sua beleza
大刀阔斧女汉子，生活料理女强人!👍
每次看子柒的视频，除了佩服和惊叹她的技艺和才能，却总是伴随着一些心酸，一定是生活里好多的磨练才让她如此干脆利落，内心强大充满能量却又不失温柔，希望子柒是快乐的，一定要开心快乐！
Felicidades buena tarea bendiciones desde Culiacán Sinaloa México
Great to know you can dehydrate cucumbers I grow them here in West Virginia
Thích cuộc sống bình yên như thế này quá
우와~
분위기 좋은 시골에서 
정갈하고 깔끔한 음식
Healing이 저절로 
되겠네요~👍👍
here i am. randomly watching her videos again . I missed you liziqi ,when will you coming back ? 😓
Aside from her obvious Goddess level skills, can you imagine how they manage the shots of every video? One day she plants cucumbers, that's 12 weeks of waiting. Surely she doesn't sit around doing nothing for 12 weeks ( for youtube content ). That means each episodes will overlap each other in one time. The editing process won't be an easy feat. I have a whole new level of appreciation for her and her team! (Hi Grandma!!! Stay safe over there and I adore you so much!!)
Que criatividade!!!
This is a woman✨, who can do everything✨
No Plastic, all natural, amazing taste and know how, altogether
Who else love to watch this at night because it’s so satisfying and then you realized how lazy you are but then also get really hungry when she cooked? 😭💀
For me it is very satisfying video ✨☺️
The only channel that makes me watch all of the ads, without skipping.
Sizi yeni tanıdım bayıldım size maşallah 🌷🌷🌷🌷
I love your videos, Li Ziqi. I've never seen food prepared like the way you do. I also appreciate how nothing goes to waste. For those of us stuck in a city and no skills (or space) to grow a garden, it is nice to watch how you grow your food. Thank you for sharing your life with all of us. ❤❤❤
So wonderful to your lifestyle & you too subahan Allah alhamdulillah
Awesome nature looks like a dream 😍😍😍😍😍😍.
Te extrañamos liziqi
Cestinha linda..
i like your every video. you are such a hardworking girl.🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
It seems like She is playing with Nature like a Goddess...👑
She actually teaches us how to live the Life!
The word Thank you isn't sufficient to express my gratitude towards you. 💕
Beautiful video ❤️
Espectacular 💚💚🍀🍀🍀🍀👏👏👏👏
Jardim dos Sonhos!
Какая она хрупкая и молодая как она все ловка и быстро делает!Когда все она это успела научится ,наверно с рождений в таком месте живет?С природой в гармоний живет !Я восхищен!!
I love this kind of weather 💥🌟✨
I love how she does everything on her own and so caring for nature in the process. ❤️
My soul really wants to live like this
Me encantan ver estos videos
What a beautiful life
Умница! Все так аккуратно и ,красиво сделала . Милая и,очаровательная хозяюшка .
It is the life I need!
When she was harvesting the mushrooms I thought oh she didn’t bring a basket . I should’ve known she would MAKE A FREAKING BASKET
Eres una mujer muy laboriosa y conoces mucho del campo. El señor de bendijo y gozas de su protección. Te admiro mucho.
Watching this video literally brought me to tears, because it reminds of how much my mother was hardworking and dedicated with Gardening, when she was a whole lot younger. Nowadays, my mother is 77, she should be retired from her government job (but refuses to retire). My mother lives in a high-rise Condo which doesn't (obviously) have a garden. So, every Sunday, she visits, cleans and decorates my grandmother's gravestone 🙏
Молодец Лизиди все так красиво  со вкусом Мастерица
Каждый день смотрю удивляюсьЧто у них все что посадят в ходит все. Толи там  земля удобрена  или тёплые дожди. 🤩🤩🤩
Amazing!!! Cool. Good job, sweet girl.
Such a beautiful way of living. ❤
Greed for this life ❤️
Who else wishes to taste Liziqi’s cooking at least once?
All of her videos deserve one like !!!
你是最了不起的女孩，，，祝你幸福，身体健康
I hope you comeback and upload again a video this 2022❤️😔
Молодец 🙆девушка. Такой только гордица надо.
luar biasa ga bisa ngebayangin capeknya kaya apa ...good liz
I love how everything is made by her is from her garden or the forest😌 She does everything naturally🤗 Its so nice to see something different
I miss mushroom gathering which I did 32 years ago. They were as fresh as these ones in the video.
Love your blog ❤️😊
Me gusta toda la comida k ase liziki
that is the cottagecore aesthetic that I like, not the instagram cottagecore tag that full of people who doesn't really know how it's like to live in a small village culture
God bless you.
You are amazing 
You are loved.
She'll definitely survive any world catastrophe. She's got survival skills in isolation.
Watching this BEAUTIFUL YOUNG LADY who works so hard but can do anything with so little it is AMAZING…..
Who needs a basket when u can just make one there itself 😅. She's gifted and hardworking 👍
Как она все здорово делает, молодец! И еда вкусная, я тоже такую хочу! 👍🤗👍🤗👍🤗👍🤗👍🤩😌🤩😌🤩😌🤩😌🤩🌹😍🌹🌹🌹🌹💐💥💐💥💐💥💐💥💐💥💐💥💐👍👍👍👍👍👍👎👎👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Me watching her cook and eat 10 dishes while eating the dry chappathi i bought yesterday 🙂
Pengen sekali merasakan makanannya
Ești o fată minunată.Multe felicitări...Greetings FROM GERMANY ⚘🆓️🌏🆓️⚘
Love you liziqi..  im appreciate your talent.. 
And ossum nature beauty
Dear Liziqi , the garden looks so wonderfully peaceful . These gardens are the result of so much hard work , so much love and tender care . Also you are very handy at building all that you need to help the garden to produce such wonderful food for you and grandma .Your skills never cease to amaze me , your a gardener , a handy man , a craftsman , a wonderful care giver to all the animals and most of all to grandma . The food that you prepare looks like works of art and each dish tells a beautiful story all about your very rich culture .  These dishes also are very healthy part of one daily needs in this life . Dinner never gets boring with you around my dear friend. I sure would love to enjoy a wonderful meal with you and grandma. Please stay safe and say hello to grandma for me and my family, also give her  warm hug from us all!!!!!!!!!!!! Your Friend from Canada.
Gracias Atiq me inspiras a arreglar mi casa como la tuya
That fern basket is the coolest thing I've ever seen...
Hello I been looking your channel ones I watch in Facebook. Then I found you. I'm a new subscriber here. I really like your videos ☺️☺️☺️☺️...
She is so amazing
Love her video..
But I would like her to something about getting hot water .. that would’ve amazing 🦋
She spends a lot of time alone, in her own thoughts, but shes also a visual artist and perfectionist in everything she does.
maravilha.
The cinematography is amazing!
راحه نفسيه عندما اشاهد مقاطعك أنه فعلا ممتعا وتعطي طاقه ايجابيه فضلا ع طبيعه جميلا ،اشاهدك من العراق👍🌹😊❤️
Very hard working person she is, your home and village is so cute
Nhìn đôi tay cô ấy kìa, nét đẹp lao động đấy. Mỗi lần xem video của cô ấy tôi thấy tâm hồn mình yên bình, kiểu như liều thuốc trị liệu ý.
This is magical, it looks like she lives in a fairy tell away from all modernism, technology and pollution, this is heaven on earth.
I think all humans should live this way, it's the healthiest ever and so peaceful.
To conclude we all need to have a balance of both city and village in our modern life
. WE ALL WANT BEST OF BOTH SIDES . HER PRESENCE GIVES US INSPIRATION TO BE MORE INTERcONNECTED  WITH NATURE AND ENVIRONMENT.....................
She has an incredible talent of maķing people understand what she wants to portray without a word .
Video rất ý nghĩa, mỗi khi buồn tui điều vào xem , xem xong cảm giác yên bình không buồn nữa, nhưng mà xem xong lại nhớ quê nhớ cảm giác bình yên 😌
She is amazing the skills she has would be worth learning. I would love to pick her brain and irk Sid by side with her as a student.
Ayo kembali lah liziqi kami menantikan karya2 mu😘🥰❤️
You are so hard worker ❤🙏
子柒，奶奶，新年快樂，福🐯生風。
Liziqi: Weaves a basket out of leaves on the fly 
Me: Shook for 2 min straight, then reminding myself “Duh, liziqi can do literally anything and everything.” 😂
Nenek mu sangat bersyukur memiliki mu, wanita yg sangat luar biasa dan pekerja keras
她己經很久沒出 新視頻了，又希望她快點出 新視頻，又體諒她的困難。最好的支持她的辦法，
就是繼續觀看她己有的 視頻 = 幫她克服困難，以便她早日 出新視頻。
I love your videos 😘😘
Вы прекрасны во всем.
原來土也是蠻硬的，她真不是外表般柔弱，夠強悍，鋤得動那些硬土。
She has a talent that she can use picture to tell a story without any words, but everybody knows what she wants to say.  Every scene in the video is just too beautiful and peaceful. When we start to ask more  and more, we even forget to appreciate what we have. We should slow down and just sit down to have a dinner with family and friends. Happiness is simple. Nice food can cure everything.
I would give anything in the world to be able to live like this.
Were all so used to having things ready for us nobody realizes this is what normal everyday life was a long time ago. Really simple , grow and prepare your food .
Edit : no I'm not a boomer
Gracias 🙏
Лекарство   для  души)))))👍👍👍🙋‍♀️🙏🙏🙏
This kind of video make u to say just "wow" !!
Me: How is she going to carry all the mushrooms?

Ziqi: *makes the basket with some random plant. *
She is so adorable oh my my 😌
I pray my daughter finds such a paradise in her life. 😋
Tido oque ela faz é  com perfeicao delicadeza  só  ela faz servico  d  três  pessoas  que amor d menina moca Deus  te abençoe VC E A TDS SEUS  👏👏💝💝💝💝💝🥰🌺🌺🎄🇧🇷
Your a dear person I hope your okay and healthy without the worry of the world’s virus
Beautiful girl n amazing skills she had, n hard worker
看李子柒動手作事真的非常賞心悅目，那俐落的身手，唯美的畫面，令人陶醉，特別是作與竹子有關的活，哪個女孩有她伶俐呀。
好喜歡的田園生活
everything‘s cool like normal till she made that basket in like 5 minutes…jaw drops
She's happy with her work. Awesome
Fascinante Edición y fotografia
Tudo lindo ai , as galinhas os potes , as comidas .
Amo os seus vídeos, da água na boca,parabéns.
不做作，事事勝任~~強者！
She is one of the most talented person
I don't know but this is the Fifth time watching this video again 😅.... I just love  your skills👍🏻
Amei!
Mình xem đi xem lại nhiều lần mỗi video của bạn😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I cant believe that my twin sister is chinese. WOW!
Liziq, we love how you're feeding grandma.
You are a good person ever 🥰🥰🥰❤️❤️
How many people are watching here and reading comments.
Camera angles are beautiful.
Excelente video me fascinó
I've been on YouTube for the past 14 years and I can confidentially say that this channel is the only channel that I'm addicted to😁🤣
She is so beautiful, with her beautiful talent😊
2 years later we will see liziqi sending her spaceship to the Mars!😌 She Litarally can do any!!!! Thing!!❤️😌😌
That escalated quickly:
“I’m going for a walk” 👉 “Oh look, mushrooms” 👉 “ima weave a basket “
TEN PAS W BIODRACH ——KLASY ARTYZM!
Mix with them there could be a great taste
Have never seen anyone, anywhere doing things with such great enthusiasm ND perfection. You're just extraordinary. More power to u.
Ficou lindo este enrolado ai .
Aqui fala Panqueca recheada .
She is living how we all should be living.
Finally who loves this kind of environment instead of cities
I want to try your dishes soo bad!
"This is the type of life that I need"!!!
she's a goddess. she has skills, talent and kindness; an amazing inspiration. god even blessed her with beauty.
Cô ấy vừa đẹp lại tài giỏi , xứng đáng có  tôi yêu 🤣
現在才剛看到的才女，允文允武好手藝好能幹。希望你可以當楷模，給女性的朋友們正能量，家庭和諧社會康樂世界大同。謝謝你的分享，讚！
子柒妳好*早時候妳精氣神到位了*做任何得應順手
How can she do everything perfectly?
12.23 ...the way she close the door 😂😂😂😂 hope Everyone of us did the same movement  😂😂😂😂😂
She just effortlessly made that basket for the mushrooms, without a single equipment. 😍
Liziqi is best foods vloger 😁♥️👏
When she made the leaf basket I remembered we were taught to make that when we were kids and I wonder when exactly I forgot the skills I learnt. We were more with nature when we played in mud than now
Ước một cuộc sống bình yên và vui vẻ như vậy ☘️☘️☘️🌸
婆婆超幸福🥰🥰🥰
So beautiful 🥰
Какая же она красивая!🌺🌺🌺😘😘😘💖💖💖
Wow, you know so much about hard Workung Like a man. You really are gifted, Allah Bless you.
Very talented women . Living in village and enjoy her simple life with peace that is amazing no pollution, no noise . Her cooking style is also amazing .
I wana go there and live with her everything is so natural and peaceful  you are amazing girl😍
we feel so tiny ! she so great , divine !
这么好👀的小姐姐🧍‍♀️注定了一生为黄瓜的成长而幸苦劳作吧。🥒🥒🥒
Nossa q/ linda é  vc. A cesta q/ vc. Fez é  linda .
I love Liziqi, saya penggemarmu dari Indonesia Lombok ❤️😘
When Liziqi walked through that forest, I literally felt chills from seeing the beauty of nature.
这个孩子太能干了，手巧。什么都会。干各种活都轻而易举。我一个老人都佩服。看的出她不是为了做视频，而学的。给李姑娘点赞👍🏻。
Awesome! This young woman has created her own Eden. 👏👏
I love her❤
Такая умничка!
Bạn làm rất tốt.cảm ơn bạn đã chia sẻ
Liziqi is a perfect embodiment of Chinese spirit: hard word and love for one's motherland. 
Wa ai ni Zhonggua 💓
Wow... this is beautiful!!!
This isn't life is a cucumber.  It's HOW TO MAKE EDEN GARDEN.

This deserves a billion views.
I love the quiet and beautiful villages
Какая чудесная девушка!
She must be happy in her life
Her life is beautiful and real, and will close like this...12:20👏👏👏😉
Tuyệt quá!
I was like how will she carry all those mushroom, then boom, makes a basket from the leaf 😍
Me gustaria ver la traducción de las hierbas que utiliza para hacer los te .. Y todo las demás recetas
quiero sembrar  melon amargo , en mi region no se consigue la semilla y tu estas muy lejos para ir a por ellas, deseo estes bien , cuidate Liziqi
These women r the real. Beauty of the world. They were hidden. And now oly we found them. Short. Beautiful. Intelligent respectable independent. Loving  caring.   Their life is worth. And last but not tn
He leasr. Peaceful. Love u.  V dignified, hard working. Sweet  lot of loves and respect for u.
Novel way of cooking, must be tasty.
น่ารักจัง,🌹
I said this and I will say it again...

SHE'S A REAL LIFE PRINCESS
喜歡~非常的療愈!😌😌😌😌😌
I am crying an watching this 🥺😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 so beautiful and amazing
看了子柒，觉得地球还有希望，人类还有希望！
Эта хозяюшка, отдыхает когда нибудь? Как пчёлка Майя, всё в делах, заботах, хлопотах! Хрупкая, а столько сил! Лесная Фея!!!
What do they do with all the extra food? They have a shop right? Did this grandma teach her these skills? I would be so extra proud. I wonder how many calories she burns in a day. I would probably be able to do one single thing that was involved in all the stuff she makes.. just that one thing alone not one thing per item
This girl is literally real princess that I have read in books when I was little
Real super woman. It shows conviction in hard work instead of fake adventure action and ammunition.
Everyone: Oh no, there is a lot of mushrooms to pick up, but I forgot to bring a basket!
Liziqi: I can make one on the spot with the grass (or leaf)! 💪
Love from Kerala ❤.... I am big fan of you🥰🤗😍.....
Türkiye den de keşfedildin videoların harika 👌
I hope i find a wife like her 🥰
One word... AMAZING
子柒，奶奶，新年快樂，福🐯生風。別忙了。
This makes me wanna go there and enjoy that environment with her. This is how man should live.
K lindo paisaje soy de perú bendiciones
映像がとでもって素晴らしい、この様な生活を短期間でも体験してみたい。Beautiful screen  and life, Id like try.
God  blessed girl. 🙏
You and your work beautiful ❄️🤗
자연을 최대한 활용하시는 지혜로우신 분!!!
The secret of her beauty is hard work, doing good to the natural environment, enjoying the best results😘❤️
I love it it's so relaxing 😌

 Your viewer DukeofKillington 😁
Real Angel that shows us humans what we should have done instead of running for corporate money and then spending it for packed bullshit food.
Great woman1❤🙏
She is so nice and pretty. Really good life!
this video gives me a peace and relaxation
Ly Tu 真是一个美丽又才华横溢的女孩，我希望我也能成为你的一份子😍😍😍😍
I dont understand why there are ppl who dislikes this video. I mean, its nothing offending and its just amazinf how she do all the work hmm.
Beautiful lady with beautiful talent👌👌👏👏👏
For a moment I felt like I was lost in the garden of heaven. Geez, this is a very satisfying 20 minutes. Thank you for your hard work 😘
Прекрасно, пишите рецепты вкусные ваши. Благодарю
Молодец все сама делает умница!
اجمل حياه مع انها تتعب ولكنها انيقه وجميله هناك شي جميل بها ماشاء الله تتقن عمل كل شئ اتمنى لكي حياه هادئه وجميله مثلكي ❤
Q lindo lugar
NOSSA ADMIRO ESSE POVO Q MORA NO MAT
i really wish for her to give us a content of a tour in her yard. im longing to see their front /back /side yard 😂😂.. #amazingliziqi
i love u.   i love ur production house.    music.  everything.     lots of love from India.
She is so.... Beautiful & talented 🧡
God always bless such a hardworking n intelligent angel ❣️love from India🇮🇳
She is the living example of a sustainable living laden with sustainable development. In a pristine environment she is perfectly having a benign traits of Mongolian Race.
Mau banget berkunjung ke rumah liziqy kayaknya adem tenang
I swear she’s the most talented person in world 🥰 her channel will forever be my favourite
ดูแล้วเพลินมากเลยค่ะ😊💖
Умница она все умеет готовит
Talented girl 💝💝💝
Wow.. this place is a paradise.
How do you know when mushroom isn't poisonous?
Ziqi: Grows cucumbers from seeds...
Me: I grow weeds.

Ziqi: Makes a basket out of a fan palm for her mushrooms that she foraged in the forest.
Me: Makes a pirate hat from newspaper for my pirate adventures. 

The amount of knowledge and how resourceful she is a treasure 💎
Aww she’s a grandma baby🥺🖤
Me: “She doesn’t have anything to put the mushrooms in. How is she going t-“
Liziqi: makes a basket from scratch
Me: oh
Lizi is so talented
Every thing is good and perfect  without killing animals .they also love to live.
Mushrooms are so good to eat
ชอบค่ะดูทีไรมีความสุข สบายใจมากเลยที่ได้ดูค่ะ😍😍
She is amazing..
it's so cool that she made her own basket on the spot for those mushrooms. what a modern day natural mc.gyver!
ليزكي أحب اسلوبرائع والجميل والمناظر الطبيعية الخلابه وأحب شغلك في الطبخ أنتي فنانه وأحب أمك إلي معك أنتي رائعة جدا
Hermoso
Love from india❤🇮🇳🇮🇳
คุณเก่งมากเลยชอบวิถีชีวิตแบบคุณ
Good life. Hardworking.   Enjoy.
背景音樂選的好，會讓人陶醉和融入在情境裡，有妳的付出，鮮活了現代陶淵明的生活意境。我內心默默的鼓掌著，子柒視頻是現代人心靈得以慰藉的窗口，看了可以去除煩憂，心情不好的時候看一下，就身心舒暢了！
Amazing 😍
Cela donne Vraiment de Prendre du Temps pour Cuisiner.
Merci MERCI
LOVE your videos!!!!
Just one question, do you have hot water where you live???
You seem you don’t, when you turn your water..washing your food or hands. 
It be great if make a video how to get hot water!!!
Waiting .. from American ❤️💋
Какая красивая девушка и работящая.
I like your channel liziqii plz new video uploading 😀
I would literally eat anything and everything she makes without hesitation
As an organic farmer, I don't get what all that extra bamboo wall and work was for (which was not explained in the video).  It's easier to grow cucumbers than that.  You don't need an entire wall of bamboo to grown them.  Makes for "art" in a make-believe film, though.
She always remind me of my dear parents. They're hard working farmers and I miss them so much 😢
She lives in a healthy lifestyle.....wonder paradise moms
Sigues tan hermosa como siempre princesa
Hai sister l like your living lifestyle and u r multitalent.
Liziqi is my inspire.. planting all the sed and veggies in my yard. Why there is no new video??? 😢
Sending love from Sri Lanka❤
I watched so many Chinese ladies doing what you doing but they can't come up all the things that you do I could do somewhat you are doing, I have a beautiful garden building little stuff in my backyard but you have extraordinary talent, my dear! Especially with this pandemic my husband and I, watched you all-day! So inspiring! Like right now is 2 06 AM in the United States and I'm still watching you!
Me encanta
She is awesome. I love very much 👌👌👌👌
Bursting with talent OMG
на это можно смотреть бесконечно
fresh food is necessary for healthy life
iamgine we are still here watching her cook when she was 70, witness her getting married and have children, we grow old along with her, that would be wonderful😊
ماشاء لله المكان يجنن اتمنه اروح لهل مكان مدة شهر يمكن تتغير نفسيتي وإلى الأبد 💚
Как хорошо!!!
I wish you would start again, hopefully free and clear ☺️
Vc é muito linda ❤
Good work and you are the best of all worlds
Can u imagine how many videos she hasn't finished cause she's just waiting for the plants to grow?
귀여워 ~~💕
She is simple yet beautiful woman, she is the model of every human for doing her best to make people be close to nature and love its soroundings, everything is there, its on you how to be responsible about nature and be with the natures spell, shes a woman of substance! i do really salute you gurl.
Harikasın 👍🥰😘❤️
Beautiful 👍
miss your vedios so much ❤️
每次累了的时候都会来看看李子柒的视频  一整天浮躁的心情安静了许多🥰
巧ましく、美しいお姉さんですね😍
う～ん漬物が食べたくなりました👍
She mentioned in the video that :"Don't pick random mushrooms". They look similar but some of are poisoned. Just be careful guys!
Natural life is best life👌🏻🤩🤩
Hi.   Im happy watching your videos.    Nice garden.
真的是太能干了太能干了，随手摘片棕榈叶就编出个篮子我真是破防了！
Woow...such a strong woman....❤💖
土豆的一生，南瓜的一生，黃瓜的一生，大蒜的一生，羅卜的一生，白菜的一生……，聽著就是個殺生的
Me yesterday: I will follow Liziqi. I will go to the garden and plant my own food. 

Me goes to the garden today: Damn these mosquitoes!!!!
Quien te enseño eres una gran mujer saludos de El Salvador
i’m a girl but i still want to take her as my wife, she's amazing
Love nature
This is the life I want
How unbearable. One cannot live leisurely like this in China 50 years ago. What a luxury!
Our generation is the luckiest to have a person like you
حياه جميله هادئه.. تحياتي لكي من ليبيا
I never thought of that technique of seeding, girl you better start a chinese book on gardening I really want to learn your tips and techniques! 😉
Music at back ground. Is wonderfuland. Motivational   Is encouraging. B blessed b happy
Appreciate her life style. from nagaland.
Ohh my God...
What you people are eating and energy enjoying heavenly
Just share all reciepies in English
So that all  could eat and look young and beautiful,😎🙏 Tamilnadu
From South India...
প্রকৃতির সৌন্দর্য গুলো অনেক বেশি ভালো লাগে
انتي مدهشه جميله ذكيه فنانه ♥♥♥♥ ولا بمل من شغلك وعملك ...
Rural life could be beautiful, there is no meetings, no schedules, no calls from boss, but it needs serious hard work.
ഈ video അപ്‌ലോഡ് ചെയ്തു ഒരു വർഷം കഴിഞ്ഞാണ് ഞാൻ കാണുന്നത്...
എന്തൊക്കെ പറഞ്ഞാലയും നല്ല കഴിവുള്ള, കഠിനധ്വാനം ചെയുന്ന കുട്ടി... 👍❤️
Ellas viven en un paraíso natural.....y saben hacer las cosas que les gustan y necesitan...... amén 🙏
Most exquisite wholesome beautifull wise lady. Nature and man live lovingly harmoniously. I believe I need a wok.
A chinesa mais trabalhadora e intelige te do mundo
She is like a one person industry
She is just from another planet 🥲🥲🥲🥲 has all talents one can imagine and yet looks elegant... she makes everything so beautifully
Aktivitas Di Alam Bebas Dengan Keperluan Yang Ada Di Situ,Menanam Mentimun Sangat Menarik Juga Tenang Suasana
You have extraordinary  work god blesses
Nice video sister keep it up
Que belleza de lugar. Su trabajo y sus. O idas me hacen reflexiona y aore ias la comida diferente
I love your garden 🏡🏡
Other cooking and nutrition channels:  "we buy organic and non GMO"

LIZ: "That's cute"
Hardwork makes the dreamwork.
Listen to the soothing sound of rain drops while enjoying meals is indeed satisfying and enjoyable ☺️😊
so wonderful
Li Ziti is a Beautiful Sweet Star !
Really amazing
Des Leçons et des découvertes.
Un monde si Loin et Si Près.
Vivre Sur L"eau- pêchés- Cuisinés.
Un monde a Envier et vibrent avec tous Les Éléments de La Création et la Nature.
Merveille d"Asie et un grand grand Merci pour Les fruits et nous acheter nos.
when she made the basket out of the leaves 🤯
Dream holiday: Going to her house and eating the food she makes! Spending my days walking her garden, and reading books in the peaceful quiet.
Крассава!!! 👍👍🔥
So amazing..
12:20 is the only thing I can relate 🙂
I love it. All organic
Kangen videonya liziqi😭
Simplicity makes people innovate to find their needs 👌
This is the world were suppose to live in. Huge Corporations on TV, media and newspaper tell us the "things" we need to live and how to artificially make ourselves temporary happy with the latest, clothes, tech, cars. We work our lives away just to keep up. We missed our boat when we let them Captain it.
Very nice she can cooked good too.
看着都好吃😋
Why is this the most magical thing I’ve seen on YouTube
Wow! And yeah nice way to close the door 😂😂.... Anyways love from Nagaland ❤️❤️❤️
There were so many similar content, but i don't know i never have a curious to watch them. Ms. Liziqi you just hipnotyse me 😁
Vivir en el paraíso,un sueño que muy pocos se pueden permitir .....
I love watching the puppies play around and follow her everywhere.
ان شالله الله  يرزقنا  هيج جوه وهيج عيشه كله ع الطبيعه استمري
ชอบทุกอย่างที่ผญ.คนนี้ทำเธอเก่งและบ้านหลังนี้ของเธอน่าอยู่มากๆ
Love from India 🇮🇳😍😍
So beautiful..
WOW AMAZING SUPER YOU SOO GREAT AND BEAUTIFUL YOUR HOUSE 🏘️ SOO LOVELY 💕
Grandma must be feels very proud of the  diamond that she has for a granddaughter, love hers videos 🙏
子柒撅屁股关门的镜头太可爱啦！😁 还有用树叶编织的小篮子也特别有创意，非常环保♻️
Wow you're so talented
ALWAYS GOOD 😘
Có ai giống mình không. Xem lui xem tới cả 100 lần vẫn thik xem
Your people are very true to nature unlike my people
I don’t even like cucumbers but I still want to eat everything she makes😩
Ниче так, бабуле повезло😁👍
Люблю китайцев, восхищаюсь...)
Beautiful life
The music played here is so peaceful.
hope you update us.i didnt see a posted video in your channel.i miss it a lot.
Just wondering,how could so many people dislike this? What are you guys? I'm in love with her, how she does everything. Multi talented. I wish, i could meet you someday and stay in this abode.
Muhteşemsin 🍀🌷🍀🌷
Какая прелесть, прекрасная девушка,прекрасная природа,собаки, бабушка,это так правильно,когда у бабушки вырастает вот такая умелая, заботливая и любящая внуча,ваши видео очень нравятся!Бабуле и деду долгих лет жизни, крепкого здоровья,они живут просто в раю,в заботе,в любви,в красоте.
So enjoyed this program
Really Beautiful
God bless you hardworking girl and I love you  friend
This young woman is a culinary artist!! FANTASTIC!!
Who else likes watching her videos
I am sitting here in East Tennessee and wondering where I can go get bamboo to make a fence and wanting to make make soil balls to start seeds. She makes extremely hard work look graceful . She is my super hero !
akhirnya,  aku lihat mereka makan nasi
Çok güzel neresi burası  dogal güzel bayıldım ya
把生活过得像一个神话。人家的赢家………
Keren indah 🇮🇩
Я подписана на ваш канал , но ооочень редко можно увидеть ваше видио. Печально....
Am i day dreaming or is she just made a basket with a leaf...some of her skills are just astonishing...
Beautiful garden
Wow,seorang anak yang berbakti kepada orang tua.
Cảnh đẹp quá
刚刚发现了你的频道， 绝对惊人的内容！
我勝發現:你家的~狗狗,跟前跟後,很可愛!
I would love to spend an entire season with her so she can teach me her ways 🙏🏽❤️
น่ากินทั้งนั้นเลย
I wonder how huge her land is? Still amazed how she handle those land.
toujours aussi  fascinante
Прелесть! Какая это страна? Китай?
Masha Allah alhamdulillah
Lindo o prato c/ o frango desfiado .
My family love your video so much....
One thing about her: full of knowledge and skill
You are a multitalent woman.
Love this
I want to say the people who have dislike it :
"What is ur reason to dislike this "
Amazing girl💪
如果您願意提供治療牛皮癬的方法，非常感謝
Look how cute those two puppies are , I wish I would have born in that place . What a beautiful nature ! ❤🧡💛🖤💙💜❤
I wish I have a wife  like her
the rose wall seems like a great idea to prevent burglars.
Y también en épocas de lluvias fuertes inundaciones.
Wanderful 👍👍👍👍❤️❤️
Love you from INDIA🇮🇳❤❤❤❤
I must say she's a multi talented person. I wish I could have one of her talent 🤣
A virtuous Woman. So beautiful, amazing, lovely, and wonderful. 💕Much Blessings to you. ✝Thanks for sharing, Lord-Jesus-Christ com 💗
Omg,she has everything in her garden.What things in the world she can not do??she is like a fairy?!!she is a artist.
Você é muito talentosa e prendada, como eu amaria provar as suas belas comidas... Parabéns e que Deus esteja sempre contigo... 👏🙏👏🙏👏🙏👏🙏
Wowww, essa menina e maravilhosa em tudo que faz!! quanto talento, linda mesmo.
Really very nice and beautiful
A little piece of heaven on earth. 🌍 this is when talent meets beauty in one. I can’t explain how much I love ur videos 💗
Very nice 👍
i feel like she should play MULAN in the movie. She doesnt have to say a single word yet I can feel everything that she is thinking!  she's AMAZING!
Спасибо огромное за интересные сюжеты. Очень качественное изображение и всё понятно без слов ❤. Девушка - трудяшка. Прямо, Золушка - и красивая и работящая и затейница и выдумщица. Очень мне нравится. Очень красиаая природа и музыка ❤
I like how she just casually builds a basket out of leaves-
I like your deciplan and hard work
Me encantan tus vídeos, tu capacidad extraordinaria de trabajo, realmente eres increíble.
Favor dar las descrisionea en español gracias
She's a millionaire and she doesn't act like one she's very humble and easy going, and work hard too, doesn't talk alot just get on with her job she's one of the luck one who take care of her grandmother not many who do that they chase their own fortune God bless her in many ways 💞🌝
Que delícia de receitas,que vida no campo!
Thank you for sharing.  This is so inspiring to live off your land
子柒妳手藝真的很俐落！很操
She just effortlessly made that basket for the mushrooms, without a single equipment 😘❤️
Wow❤️❤️❤️
I think the grandma is her best teacher,cus the elder is full of wisdom in Chinese rural.
Awesome view and she is multi talented to be born! What a wonderful lifestyle she has!
I followed her when she has 50k subscribers she has come a long way ❣️❣️ my favourite youtuber
:0 me encanta este canal tan relajante >w<
I love it, although it seems easy it requires a lot of work, but it is gratifying to get an idyllic life, greetings from Uruguay
HOW MANY INTERNATIONAL FANS ARE HERE FOR LIZIQI ??
WOW.. I call her "The one woman army" full of energy, knowledge and talent.
I like ur way of closing the gate 😂😂
when i look at her, i don't see a goddess on earth or a lost disney princess. i see an incredible, but very, very human, woman who has been through a ton of shit and simply doesn't know the meaning of the word 'lazy.' she's a true blue village girl, an entrepreneur, a granddaughter but ultimately someone who is just as human as us.

is she remarkable? absolutely. i don't have even half the drive or the skills she does, and knowing her story just adds to that. don't kid yourself, though: the shit she does is back-breaking. she seems to handle it easily because this is the norm for her. hell, it wouldn't surprise me if she's the type who goes crazy if she doesn't have something to do.

what's my point? don't call her a goddess, a fairy or a disney princess or whatever else you can think of. the fact of the matter is she is just as human as you or me. we can all learn to do remarkable things, but that doesn't detract from her appeal in the slightest. she's a real person, just unreachable to almost all of us. but for all we know, we might just be a li ziqi to someone else and not know it
When i was younger i can find that mushroom in my parents place but it's difficult to find now, whenever I see gardening video i feel like i want to visit my parents, harvest vegetables fruits and anything is super satisfying 😁
Wow, I never imagine we can germinate seeds like this. Thanks.
Woh kerenn luwar biasa bener cewek hebat dan keren dan tempat yg indah  👍👍👍  🤗✨top
Boa tarde Liziqi e prazer em revê-la. É sempre muito bom assistir os seus Vídeos... Você, além de linda, é uma grande mulher... Parabéns... 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Missing you Liziqui.. Hope you are alive and ok. Since last 1 year you were missing due to the fact that you were not getting your Money, millions of rupees which earned through your channel and beauty brands. China's Govt. And your editting companies invested your. Money and you were in a legal battle. More than 1 year you are missing, your fans are really wants to know your whereabouts.. God bless you. ❤️❤️
Liziqi Weibo Translation:

What does summer taste like?
The first breath of fresh air after you wake up in the mornings;
“Refreshing breezes, damp air,
It’s mixed with the smell of dirt and fragrance of plants from the yard”
That’s the reply my country gives me
I think that’s pretty close though…
 
Lazing around after New Year’s is still lazing around~
I placed bamboo walls on the other three walls of my yard
Since I only did the inside for the past two years
 
I cut the bamboo during New Year’s 
I left it out for about a month, if I remember correctly
Don’t ask me why the bamboo leaves were still green after a month
I…don’t know how to answer that question
 
Around this bamboo wall,
I researched it a lot last year before deciding to use expansion screws for it
Hammer them into the brick walls before screwing it in, and choose long pieces of bamboo to place horizontally
Use some steel wire to temporarily hold it in place 
Wait until the entire wall is completely covered with bamboo to tighten the screws
It looks really annoying to make, but it came it pretty nice looking
Later on, I transplanted some China roses, bougainvillea, and clematis florida over
As well as a lot of cucumbers and sponge gourds
 
I used the traditional "soil ball" method to transplant the sprouts
Growing, transplanting, competition, blooming, fruition, ripening
I placed my cucumber and gourd sprouts
Around the inside and outside of the walls, 
Because I had just transplanted the flowers, they weren’t going to grow over the wall so quickly
So I placed some green vines on there so that they would look less bare
 
The cucumbers have been ripe for about a month now
The fruits and cucumbers have already started to grow out vines, and it’s past the season now
Remember how I was busy making the rapeseed and wheat videos?
I didn’t have time to film this
The only ones left were the local cucumbers that ripen later
Regardless of size, I picked some and dried some of the skin
Wash the cucumbers clean, then cut them in half and then into thick strips once you’ve removed the seeds
Use salt to draw the moisture out of the vegetable, and then preserve it once its dried 
 
Back when I was working as a waiter in a Chinese restaurant
There was this dish called “ Stir Fry Cucumber Skin and Cured Meat”
Lots of people said that it was really good, and went along well with rice
I remember the price really clearly
It was around 2005, and the dish was 16 RMB each
That time, my salary for a month was 300 RMB.,,,
So I really didn’t want to spend a day and a half of my salary on one dish lol
 
Anyways, I just remember that really clearly
I guess it was a flavor that I never got to try
I’ve fulfilled my dream this time by making it
 
After a short period of heat, there were a few bouts of rain this summer
It’s time where the chicken firs started to sprout from the forests and fields
I went up onto the mountains to take a look
And I saw the entire mountain covered in colourful mushrooms, popping their adorable heads out
With the cicadas that had just shed their skin, they announced the beginning of summer
 
Humid, hot; the entire mountain was filled with ferocious mosquitos
Thank goodness I was wearing long sleeves and pants
I actually found two really big clusters of chicken firs
And MingGuo (her assistant) got three huge bumps on her head from the mosquitos 
 
I didn’t take any tools, so I managed to forcefully lift them up with a branch
I didn’t take a basket, but there were thankfully palm leaves in the forest
I had to improvise on the spot, or else I would’ve had to use my clothes to take them home
 
We usually use pumpkin leaves to wash the chicken firs
Because the small hairs on the leaves can clean the dirt on the surface of the firs
Rip the clean firs into caps and stalks
Slowly fry the caps in oil
Because this part of the mushroom has more water content
After, you can throw some ginger, peppers, Sichuan peppercorns in
Cook it until around 70% of the water from the mushroom has dried
If it’s too dry then the texture is bad, and you can’t chew through it
The oil that you fry the firs in is absolutely spectacular
You can put it in noodles, cold dishes, food in general
It’s not at all an understatement to call it a masterpiece
 
Rehydrate the cucumbers and then cut them into shreds
They smell great when you stir fry them with cured meat
It really does go well with rice
Super worth it after I’ve wanted it for all these years hahahhahahahhaha
 
Pair the chicken fir oil with cucumber and soba noodles
I poached a chicken, and shredded the meat
The dish I made with them was called “Cold Shredded Chicken Noodles”
It really hits the spot in summer!!!
 
There was still a bit of chicken fir left
So I cut some and paired it with cucumber cubes and cured meat
I also reheated and fried the rice from last night
The refreshing cucumbers with the umani of the firs,
With the fragrance of the rice that countered the grease of the meat
You might not believe me, but I could eat that entire dish up!
 
The pickled cucumbers were also made a few days ago
Cut the tender cucumbers in half and then add salt to draw out the moisture
After, dry the remaining moisture on the surface
Use peppers, Sichuan peppercorns, star anise, fennel to boil a spiced water
After it’s boiled, place soy sauce, sugar, white wine and salt then let it rest
You can add some ginger or pepper to your own taste
It tastes the best when you preserve it for around 2-3 days
Try to eat it all in a week
It’s a short-lived delicacy
 
I used the picked cucumbers to make a chicken roll
And I’m not going to talk a lot about it since it’s so easy to make
I got some cucumber skin
And boiled a “Cucumber Meatball Soup” with the pork
It’s super super super super good
The minute you bite into the fragrant meatballs,
You can taste the crispy cucumber skin within the meat
The method to make these meatballs came from the “Greens Meatballs” I ate before
It’s crispy and fragrant
The soup is a creamy white chicken soup I made
Adorn some slices of cool cucumber
And rip some pieces of chicken firs on top
It’s such an amazing meal;
Though it’s only been a few days since I’ve ate it but I’m still drooling as I’m writing this
I’m just that kind of person 
 
But remember, we only live once
Under the premise of living healthily, 
Eat what you want to eat, drink what you what to drink, do what you want to do…
Live every day properly 
 
So, my darlings
Love yourself and your family properly
Be better towards yourself.
Don’t go on diets so often! There's nothing to gain from it!
Just move around a bit more if you wanna lose weight!
 
That was…a bit offtopic
How the heck did I divert to the topic of diets
That’s all for today!
My assistant's still waiting for me to film stuff!
I’ll hurry up and finish writing this message
That’s it~
Loves and kisses~~~~XOXO!!!
Cuanta comida creí que tenía invitados, todo se ve riquísimo CDMEXICO
Que hermoso lugar y que linda tan trabajadora 😊🏡 me encanta 🌿
We have some nice recipes,mixed fish ground in bambooo stolck
Fiquei impressionada com as suas habilidades.
Melhor vídeo que assisti.👏👏👏
Wow itss so amazing
Wow she just carved some spikes on the end of sticks and made a hoop house. Why do we make things so much more difficult and expensive with waiting to buy metal or plastic poles? I always feel so inspired when I watch her.
I really wanna visit this place 😊 everything is very fresh and clean 😍I like everything she cooked.she is so... smart.
Idk why but everything she does is satisfying 😭😭😭
I can watch her every day .. sending love 💕
Is wonderfull!!! Que Maravilha essa jovem!!! 👏👏👏👏👏👏💓💓💓
انتي رائعة وجميلة جدا أتمنى لكي كل خير
I always get the meanings of life here.Love you too much girl😘
Love your vedio from India 🙏🙏
She is my inspiration my strength my everything ...I was dull and lazy in the past but the day i started watching her videos really change my life....I am totally a different person today... And guyz i also started to work and i also created my own YouTube channel .. though my videos are not pleasing as her's but i am trying my best .... you definitely change my life...thankyou dear thankyou ...🙏🙏🙏
I really admire her strength and capability.Superb!
The amount of food she makes from like 3 main ingredients in so little time. She's She's superwoman!
I wanna come to visit your place please say yes 🙌
you are living my dream <3 hoping one day i can grow my own foods too in my own lil farm land. :D
種瓜得瓜，種蕃薯得不出芋頭！這是自我完成
Others: "oh my God I forgot my bag how can I carry it"
Liziqi be like: "no problem I'll make a new one"
The way she cleans the mushrooms with a leaf...😍😍😍 She so sweet
Какое изящество и красота♥️♥️
Her cooking skills are amazing. But she seems to have no compassion on those little dogs.  They look like there hungry all the time .
Qué jovencita tan trabajadora, creativa, y linda, hace todo el trabajo duro del campo, y el lugar bellisiiiimo, vive con su abuelita, hermosa manera de vivir felicidades CDMÉXICO
Sangat menghibur dan bermanfaat......
EVERYONE : THE WHOLE WORLD IS IN LOCKDOWN BUT LIZQI LIVES IN A BEAUTIFUL LOCKDOWN FREE VILLAGE.
Linda parabéns lindo trabalho!💋🍓🍓
TRUE FACT : MANY PEOPLE WANTS TO GO THERE WHERE LIZIQI LIVES.
Cultivation of ingredients and rich cuisine. Simply incredible.
What a talented and beautiful young lady!  I love how the dogs go crazy each time she chops some veg.!
要什麼有什麼，寫意的人生。
Thanks for this wonderful video. Truly amazing.
Love from kerala😍
Just imagining that how much time she takes for the vedios such a hardworking girl she's gifted by God brilliant 👍👌
Her videos are so satisfying✨
me just enjoy watching all the tasty receipes she was cooking and suddenly i was like '' oh okay, m pure vegetarian'' lol
Hi princess... love from india❤️
Her isi kendisi yapan süper bi insan emegine saglik cok naif bi insansin 👍
우와 언니 요리 잘해요^^?!
If Liziqi makes a video on the life of oil she’ll probably build an oil rig singlehandedly first.
Don't care if there is a team behind her, what matters is what her video brings to us and what we gain from it.
Liziqi  tu casa es como vivir en el paraíso  despertar cada mañana y respirar el aire puro de la montaña y la brisa q acaricia tu cara no es otro mundo  y  contemplar ese jardín  waaaooo es alimento para el alma
Hardworking woman
J espère que ses descendants se montreront infiniment reconnaissant pour tout le travail qu elle fait aujourd'hui
She is so beautiful and hard working
She just made a basket like it was nothing... “Oh huh I have too many mushrooms, gotta make a basket!” BRUHHHHHH
Your garden is amazing and beautiful
子柒 ,   我是台灣的粉絲~  我關注妳的影片好久囉!  每日早晨享用早餐時  , 總是會看著妳的影片,  開啟美好的一天!  妳的影片讓人平靜 , 舒坦 , 就算是要面對繁忙的一天  , 看著妳的影片,  會有滿滿的正能量 , 去面對生活的繁雜事  ~ 平日 ,我極少在網路留言  ,但最近看見許多模仿妳的影片  , 還是妳的影片最好 , 很真實的生活片段,  影片中的每個主題  ,都是妳平日做的很熟練的事 , 影片呈現出乾淨的俐落感  ,相較之下  , 模仿妳的影片 , 就顯得太刻意了~  想對妳說  ,我會一直支持 妳的影片 , 要一直拍好的 影片給我們呦~  給妳很多讚~
Guau que hermoso cuanta  sabiduría tratar así ala naturaleza y comer lo que ella te da . Hermoso canal. Felicitaciones.
Oh my gosh this one looks so delicious
Great video! Is this in China? I thought the don't allow YouTube.
An amazing human being, an amazing women.
outstanding working
There is only one word I can describe her life: ABUNDANCE.
Subrang swerte ng lola nya kc may apo sya na kagaya nito subrang talented 😍😍😍😍😍😍 sana makapunta ako sa lugar na to someday 😪😪😪
That .meal looks delicious 😋🥰❤️
I'm watching this while on my lunch break. Just threw my cup noodles in the trash. 😔
Amazing video💕
खीरा/ककड़ी पर अनेकानेक व्यंजन बहुत ही शानदार और लग्जरी, अद्भुत संदेश।
Боже мой, что за искусница! Что за яства! Какая эстетика в этой простой деревенской жизни.
李子柒真的超級厲害👍的小姑娘樣樣都通世界第一個小姐的沒有第二個人，真的超級無敵可愛厲害👍
この方多才すぎん？知識量もエグいんだろうし…あと手際が良すぎて安心して見れるっていう
#all round artist ❤️
Beautiful 💜
she never get tire🙄❤️
Love the idea of planting in mud balls... Ill have to try that. I so wanted cucumbers after this video... Your videos always make me hungry. Especially when you make noodles and you slirp them up. Lol Bcuz who needs table manners when you cook like Liziqi!!! Lol Nice to see grama doing well and happy that ur still at it! Keep up the great work you hard working woman you!!! ❤😊 #LiziqiisQueen
There are a few natural places left on our earth ,these r the people who take care of the nature n planting trees , otherwise looking at other parts industrialization leads to a huge damage of our natural resources.Great work 👍🏻
My eyes are tearing..
She is a beautiful , skilled and  kind girl..
I can see how her grandparents are happy..
I love this girl..
God bless you honey💚💚💚
Que privilégio podermos ver uma cultura tão rica.
Am I the one that who watch her videos when bored and get refreshed seeing her hardwork all the day
ɪ ᴀᴍ ꜰʀᴏᴍᴇ ɴᴇᴩᴀʟ 🥰🥰
So sustainable and pure!!
企待你的归来！
I see many people comment that these videos make them feel bad for doing nothing/being on their phones, and it makes me a bit sad... Why not take them as inspiration instead?
I can't do everything she does, but since I started watching her videos I've taken up knitting, crocheting, hand-sewing and embroidery. I've planted some aromatic plants in my apartment. I make handmade gifts for my family and friends, and I visit my grandparents more often. This summer, I want to try wood carving for the first time! My life isn't quite as cool as Li Ziqi's, but I'm working on making it better... Good luck to all of you!
ГОСПОДИ В КАКОЙ ГАРМОНИИ С ПРИРОДОЙ ЖИВУТ   ЭТИ ПРЕКРАСНЫЕ ЛЮДИ!!!!🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏💕💕💕💕
I see why Rae was watching this video, it's so relaxing.
😍 beautiful 👍
So good to watch, 🙏
1:25 ela fazendo as bolinhas de terra de camisa branca e n se suja. Se fosse eu kkksk
the videographer and editing skill are so amazinggg!!!
She runs big company too and yet so down to earth
Молодец как красиво и всё своими руками.толь грибы нужно срезать ножом а не выдёргивать корним. 👍👍💐👏🇰🇿
❤️❤️❤️
So Magical and Beautiful Life!
Sis love from India 💜💜
I just want to go there and meet her... she's so Inspiring
what a peaceful life and beautyful nature....
That part where she forgot to take a basket and she just made it. She's so amazing!!
Do what you love, love what you do.
Người con gái việc gì cũng giỏi ❤️
คุณเก่งมากเลยค่ะ
우리 李子柒가 만든 요리를
딱 한번만 먹어봤으면 오늘 살다가
내일 죽을지라도 여한이 없겠네.

정말 아름다운 李子柒.
Beautiful video and beautiful little girl in little life.🤩🤩🤩💖💖💓💖👍👍
How clever she is. I literally hope that i can living with this simple life . So refreshing and calm♥️♥️♥️. Ya dont get it wrong guys i just hoping and dreaming that i can living like what this pretty girl showed . Thats it . I know life is hard to go through.
Kenyamanan dan ketenangan buakan tumbuh sendiri,semua itu karna proses dan kerja keras.. 
Hasil yg dipetik,buah yg di rasa cukup nikmat itu dari pengorbanan dan dari tumpahan keringat dan rasa lelah..
Saya suka video ini..  terinsfirasi sangat dan sangat
I am a indian but I really love your video support farmers
I want, need, desire, wish to live  this lifestyle... Grant me this lifestyle if one can choose his own lifestyle...I will fully so much satisfied with this life...this is my only wish....I really think I need to disconnect with the way iam living now🙏 because every night it's getting worse I am getting thoughts of killing anyone who's near me but please don't let me do that...this will be a loss...if this world is connected please grant me a disconnection purely from heart, mind and soul😇...iam wanting to give my all for this..thank you if you just read and leave my wish you horrible human
We call it indeh in our language.
I don't know if you should have dry fried it.its better when boiled with dry bamboo shoot its natural flavor is untouched.
amazing😃😃😃
She's living the dream imagine living your dream life while gaining money which you don't actually need if you already living the way you love.
ชอบวิถีการใช้ชีวิตแบบนี้มากครับ ⛰🍃
What a beautiful place
You are wonderful
Que rica comida😋😋
I’m learning from her
I was wondering, how she gonna carry all of that with no bag or basket?
Then she reminded me of whose channel I'm watching by weaving a basket made of leaf
婆婆開心笑！ 吃的開心！ 幸福滿屋！
If I feel sad and world looks like in chaos, I just watch liziqi's video and life again make sense. Thanks for heartwarming pictures 💜💛🏵️
What a great woman - she is technically gifted, can cook super well, is very hardworking, smart and also pretty. Not like 75% of western women - oh my god my fingernail broke off, my make-up doesn't fit properly either, I'm going shopping to Zara blah blah and arrogant that it stinks like hell. With a woman like the one in the video, you tend to find similarities and enjoy the time together, you could cook together and she is also not averse to getting her hands dirty with a little craft, well and I already mentioned that she even looks amazing without Zara or acrylic fingernails.
She has all kinds of work skills. Good
永远不要离开这里，因为最后你还会回来
Can I live with you please? I promise to wash dishes for you every day for peaceful life and good food in return lol.  That’s all I ask 😊❤️
You are amazing
She made 6 to 7 dishes at a time and me 😂😂😂😂😂just trying to  boil an egg petfectly 😂😂
Every girls of today's generation need to learn something from her...she is soo pretty and smart 😍💕ily
hermoso
We miss you liziqi
Вся наша жизнь- это еда
How do you make the leak basket
When she walks, sometimes she run/jumps half a step, quite fascinating.
Alhamdulillah terima kasih ilmunya perempuan super inspiratif semoga sukses selalu I love your channel from Jogja Indonesia
In Philippines this is what called "Bahay kubo song" looks like🥰💞🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭
Nice work
How much i envy you i can’t tell! 😅 You are extra ordinary person! 🤟🏻
"If you are able to make it here/Starting drinking whole milk every day(Your breasts will thank you & so will a baby)"!!!
Omg. She's like a disney princess and the prince and the fairy godmother all rolled into one. Its magical.
Wow 😮 excellent tallent 👍🏻
Who wants liziqi's house tour ??
I'm damm sure that video will be the most famous of her channel
(No intention to damage her privacy, safety-just want another peaceful experience from her house !! )
impossibile e incredibile ...questa ragazza riuscirà a cucinare un riso in bianco ?? comunque il video è fantastico !!
The pride of our country.
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Guaoo maravilloso...
@10:15 what is the plant with the purple berries?
Cucumbers： “We like to live in a green and cool place”
 
Liziqi： “Ok，let me build a fence for you with bamboo”
So talented
Without words.... That beauty harmony....
❤️❤️❤️
就是這麽美！
LiZiQi you such a wonderful lady in this world.... I never ever seen in 
my life a girl like you. I see all your videos and I feel satisfaction. Thank you so much and lots of love from Maharashtra. Love you sister
太美了 无法想象一些镜头的拍摄难度
那个鸡丝荞麦凉面一定非常好吃ヾ ^_^♪
Indah ..asyik..alami...aku suka tapi aku takut tinggal tempat sepi ..
Luar biasa,,sudah cantik,pintar bisa dalam segala hal..kamu wanita yg sangat hebat dan luar biasa.sehat selalu yah sayang.☺️
😋😋😌😌 super 👍
me: Oh she didnt bring a basket? How is she going to carry-

Her: Makes a basket out of a leaf
🥰💐💐
Very creative and skilled woman
watching this on a rainy day is such a relaxing thing i've ever found
Симпатюля. ))) Как ловко управляются палочками.
Astounding!
❤️❤️❤️
" Every morning Garden of Eden created ! "  (Emerson ? )
엄마야 누나야  강변 살자 
뜰에는 반짝이는 금모랫 빛
뒷문 밖에는 갈 잎leaf의 노래norea
엄마야 누나야 강변 살자  
( 김소월 詩poet)
🙂👏👏
Liziqi:oh I forgot to take a basket?
A few moments later

Made a basket and problem solved
😄😄😄😄
Totally amazing 😍😍😍
Эх !!!!!мне б ТАКУЮ НЕВЕСТКУ👍👍👍☝☝МЫ БЫ С НЕЙ ДЕЛОВ НАДЕЛАЛИ .Умничка,Красавица,ЗДОРОВЬЯ ТЕБЕ И ВСЕГО САМОГО ХОРОШЕГО!!!!!!9
У меня в детстве были такие ворота и калитка  ,с большой крышкой. Но пришла мода на железные ворота и ОТЕЦ поменял.  И забор тоже поменял.  КАК жаль .
Produktif sekali:)
ভালো বাসি প্রিয় আপু❤️❤️🌹
She is an expert in Agriculture, love you!
seneng banget liatnya hehe
У вас нет комаров, повезло, и вы в лес и огород ходите раздетые, а мы и в жару покрывается все телт одеждой.
I could use her around my place!
Such a beautiful girl with a knowledge of creating a thing that can be done by a men . It is so amusing nice girl and smart.
Nice video..aplogo ka jo vi video hota hai muje bahat hi achi lagti hai
Оператор талантище! великолепно снято..со вкусом!Абсолютно  профессионально. Excellent 👌!!!!!
Кудесница )
ليتني ساكنة معاها😍😍
Li : I am going to pick some mushrooms
Grandma : Don't forget to bring a basket
Li : No need. I will make one.
When everyone runs to big cities, she stays back to enjoy what nature provides , genius !
Очень мотивирующее видео. Хочется заняться работой тоже.Спасибо.
🙂👏👏
Вы так вкусно обедаете , что и мне захотелось .Девочка ты трудяга и молодец !
Do you make the Chinese white/yellow wine? How?
Seeing this makes me glad that my mom only compares me with our neighbors' kids, not Li Zi Qi.
This lady is really talented and she cooks amazing menus. Jack of all trades .
Твои видео такие уютные. Их так приятно смотреть. Спасибо за то, что ты их делаешь!
❤❤❤
Literally, the bamboo walls from green to turning brown epitomizes Patience which she is the storehouse of. How calming is everything in her Video!
Nice love it.
How many want to live this kind of life.
I love how her grandma can eat almost everything she cooks. here at each meal my grandma:
 Rice is undercooked. (also same to everything) :v
LOVE your videos!!! <3 AMAZING garden and recipes!!
Delicious cooking dear
Ни в сказке сказать , ни пером описать !!!! Завораживающие видео !
ลูก​สาวชอบดูมากคะแกคิดถึง​ชีวิตที่เมืองไทย
I can't imagine how fresh the air is there
Liziqi admiro lo hermosa que eres , trabajadora y buena cocinera pero muy amorosa con tu abuela 
Gracias por compartir de tu cultura 
Soy Jorge de México
Me :  "Why draw a circle on the mushroom picking place"　11:41s
Liziqi :  "One is to express gratitude.   The other is to surround the place where the mushrooms grow, and continue to pick up there next year"
Greetings from Latin America.🤗❤
🇨🇴
❤💫
良い仕事親愛なる私は本当にあなたが好きです
No wonder these women look good and strong at very old age! or better say they never age!
Wish she was my life partner
Я потрясена этой девушкой, трудолюбива, красива, видео очень нравятся, снимайте больше, здорово получается, просто смотрю и все завораживает
Әлхамдулиллаһ бәрі жақсы  ,  бәрі өсімдіктерден тағамдары
Қазандары көп екен
I’m in awe
The food looks healthy
Какая красивая и милая девушка
Wow amazing
She has to be one of the most fascinating women on earth
Chinese PR with Lizzy is the bomb!
每次看到最后，都饿的不行。有时候刚吃过饭，也饿😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
cô gái  giỏi thật
قريبا ساكون مثلك في طبيعة وورود وراحة 💝
李子柒我爱你💕
A Women's like her is more precious then diamond.......
Tanta delicia para ellas solitas! este banquete demanda invitados, yo me invito sola!😁
"If all the people in the world live like Li ZiQi depending on their own food from their own garden which is free from all the chemicals maybe we could not face the problems that we face now":-(
People nowadays including me are depending more on fast foods.
Every sound of cuttings and choppings she makes are very satisfying.
Omg the cinematics are on a next level 🙏🙏 hats off miss on your efforts 👏
🥰🥰🥰
Hola me encantan  tus  vídeos,  por favor pondrías  subtítulos  en español.  Muchas gracias y Bendiciones.
酸黄瓜，鸡肉卷，中西方的饮食还是有相通的地方，像以前吃过的subway
У меня впечатление что это все как в сказк
Е . Такая красавица и все так ей легко даётся !!! Просто волшебно все и девушка и природа вокруг !!!
Тысячу лайков
Melhor momento do meu dia assistindo seus vídeos 🥰🥰🥰🥰
I wish she could give classes about her skills so I can live in a wonderland like her. I would learn Chinese and invest in her program.
Very good
Vc é incrível 🥰👍
I hope i see you soon love!! iloveyou you're my idol♥️♥️
TRUE FACT: EVERYONE IS THINKING ABOUT HAVE THAT KIND OF LIFE.
Her garden & flowers are as Beautiful  as Liziqi!❤❤ She can do it all!! So amazing! Then her cooking is amazing!! The love she has for her animals is so adorable.
She truly amazing, im watching her cooking skills, i wanted to do when im going back home,she beautiful and talented, almost all skills is with her, she can live anywhere,😍😍
Woow,.......beautiful Lady ❤️❤️🇧🇩
It’s been ages I saw such an inspiring simple living life!! Hats off to her and the team !!
I want that life😭😭😭😭😭
Did anyone notice that the cute little puppy's are following her everywhere she go's
An exceptional woman.. very talented and skillful person.. keep safe always 😊
За что ни возьмётся, все хорошо делает. Строит, выращивает, готовит. Да к тому же ещё красавица.
I love ur hard work and cooking skills😍
Liziqi and her dedication is awesome, really
I've try to grew cucumber before. Never succeded.
I love watching her very relaxing at the same time learning a lot from her style of planting and cooking her passion is one of a kind thank you for this girl watching from russia im  from phils but just working here for a living..if i will be home i had some ideas to do..bless you girl and the granny your so blessed to have her..
Liziqi... Please coming back.. We miss your new video....
Me: oh she Forgot to bring a bag.
liziqi: i can make my own bag hah 
Me: OK Queen, hats off 😁
Amo assistir os vídeos dela😍😍
I hope you LiZiqi can get the recreation you need ❤️
Wow😊😊😊😊
Вот ,что значит : Жить в гармонии с природой!!!!.... Красота!!!
Anyone from Northeast India? They can relate this❤️
Her beauty is inside as outside.
There’s no limit on what we can do..
amazing. never seen this kind of dining before. looks really good
I’ve never seen someone as talented as her👀
اروع قناة في العالم
I love watching those puppies following her around all day
Very good my friend.
Lizqi Forgets to bring basket

Her: " let me just grab this leaf and make one"
I want this. living like that doing everything on your own. it's so simple yet so beautiful. I am so grateful I found this channel.
When she made the basket on the spot, I went “ r u kidding me”
子柒做饭、种菜、采摘蔬菜等动作娴熟、自然、亲切、朴实，果然是在农村长大的孩子。
Amo seu trabalho sou Brasileira!
Lovely 🏵️🏵️🏵️
Any tall buildings can never beat what nature has❤️
返事ありがとうございます。YouTube拝見して癒されます。何よりも女性が綺麗なのが良いです。働き者の女性は神ですよね。日本ではそんな奥さんを評して( カミさん ) と呼びます。
Me: Oh, I grow cucumbers, I should know everything in this video!
Liziqi: Don't underestimate me!
Feeling energetic watching her she knows which what when and how of life who is her grandmother ❤️❤️❤️
The way she laugh when cheer 🍻 with grandma is very adorable😍😍😍
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Excelente vídeo! !cuanto tiempo para desde que siembras hasta que cocinas la cosecha?
respect u🙏🙏🙏
How many of you imagined living with her and enjoy the life like that?
Everything is organic. No chemicals, no plastics.. so natural. No polution. I really love watching your videos
Such a beautiful, skillful, hard working woman. A respect for family, love of the country, understanding of payoff coming with work, care and dedication. Something seemingly lost today in many.
羅馬非一日建成，李子柒再接再勵！
Dang! Here I was doubting cucumbers could be that appetizing ... the dishes all looked delicious!!!
some people : want to have house in city!
me : want to have a house like her
She is just awesome ❤️
why would anyone dislike this? shes very self sufficient takes care of her grandmother not to mention beautiful i just dont get it smh dang self loathing is a hell of a sickness🤷‍♀️
Everything in this video makes me happy. It's like a real-world anime.
Que lugar lindo !! Trás uma paz sem fimmmmmmmm !! Amo pepino aqui no Brasil consumimos muitissimo !! 🥒🥒🇧🇷
This lady can do anything! 💐
Yet she's so gentle and pretty! 
Like an angel!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I would love to be able to taste a bit of all those beautiful dishes! Yum 😋
Todo iba perfecto hasta que se escuchó un grito desgarrador de un animal perdiendo su vida por el asesinato que ejecutasteis con él...... 😢😢😢....
For those who read this comment, I know it's hard, I know there are many stressful moments during a day and I know you can be upset, but I want you to know that everything will be fine in the end, so resist and enjoy things and the beautiful moments in your life as long as you can!
Maravilloso!
Is it just me or is that bamboo wall actually gorgeous all on its own?
miss u lizigi. when you upload video?😔
Wow just amazing and beautiful lifestyle 😍🥰
🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️
Me: How am I gonna carry these mushrooms back?

Liziqi:*makes a basket in the middle of the woods.
You are amazing, if half of population would know to do what you do, would be so hard working and dedicated we would free ourselfs from today's modern slavery
From India with Love❤❤ such a relaxation and pleasing whenever I watch your video.  Thanks #Liziki
เก่งสุดๆเลย ผู้หญิงจีนคนนี้
Brasil itaberaba Bahia amei  o seu trabalho.voce também é uma obra de arte.lindíssima do criador.muito sábia .parabéns.um pedaço do céu.a Vovó também é muita linda .Nós brasileiros achamos voces inteligentíssimos .
I just missed her video 😢
Everyone on earth locked up in their concrete houses, while she's living her life as usual to the Fullest!! Am one among you who wishes a life like this!
Buenísimo trabajo , felicitaciones. Y la comida excelente, mmmmmm
Gosh she already planned her whole decade. The amount of time to complete 1 video!
I wish I live in a place like this. And every single video so nicely.
Ai mds, essa vida parece tão calma e boa 😩
Masha allah
11:42 that’s the world’s most eco friendly bag ever made!
This woman is insanely great doing everything with her hands...
Nice sharing dear friend. All the best video.
Grandma: wakes up for breakfast in spring 2019

Liziqi: Already made her dinner for fall 2020
こんなに美人で華奢な見た目に反して、何でも自分で出来るなんて素晴らしいです！生活のスペック高すぎる！
Such love and passion shown.
Does anyone know what brand of cleaver she is using?
Just came across your channel. The video is sooooo soothing and calming. And the way u made that basket.... ❤️❤️❤️ Love from India💓💓
在忽然间看到这个视频.以我专业化的农村和城市相结合的经验·有几点说·1.种植种子太过做假-2·削竹不熟练·3.上山采集不保护手·4·出外穿拖鞋不安全.还有视频搭配音乐·风景·好好·
I saw her get the palm frond and just shook my head, thinking, "You crazy thing, you're about to make a - yep, there's the basket. sigh It even has a little handle. Yeah, stretch it out, make sure it's situated right. I swear to god." I had the biggest, fondest smile on my face as I sighed.
she is surrounded by natural beauty and I love it 💕💕💕💕😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💕
You are simply amazing and inspirational
Để làm video như gì cần thời gian rất nhiều
Thích cô thôn nử này quá
Anyone else know how the balls of dirt help the cucumbers grow? I’ve never seen that before and I wonder if I should try it in my garden.
看到中国女人的勤劳，刻苦耐劳，我也一样
when you forget to bring a basket so you MAKE ONE OUT OF A LEAF
This is my favourite video of Liziqi because I love to eat cucumbers # cucumber is life #
Who else is watching this healthy lifestyle while lying on bed, eating snacks, and fries? or only me? 😂
Whenever i see this girl i feel like i am watching video from another world, she makes me feel so happy.
Her patients makes this more beautiful😍
Liziqi 💕
Her videos gives me peace of mind . This is so nice
Kereeen😍
She don't need no workout. Her life is a perpetual workout section.
Everything is organic. No chemicals, no plastics.. so natural. No polution. I really love watching your videos
One day I want to have a garden like her and work there all day when I am free from my school teaching.
Mira este método de siembra tan particular.
The grandmother is her teacher.... passing tradition along... under her watchfulnsess this young lady is learning the most important things
🤗🤗🤗👍👏👏👏
*Needs something in life
Me: pulls out phone to order it on Amazon
Her: looks at surroundings and crafts what she needs then and there
Eso es ser gente muy trabajadora mis respetos CDMX
Ame esto 😍😍😍😍😍
😍🥰
Her life is so satisfying in this fast moving world where everyone is running behind money.....I wish I can also live this life 🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺
My God you so beautiful kind to you grandmother cooking delicious food and farming I really love you kind and generous you such bless beautiful 😘 that do nice things love you
Forget to bring a basket?
No worry, just build one with leaves.
That was beautiful, peaceful and elegant. Thank you.
I really don’t understand why she even has dislikes, there’s no controversy or anything to dislike from the start I don’t get people..
Her level of patience 🔥🔥
Do you get that bamboo wood for free? This is a great video! Thank you 🙏
عاشت الايادي
Genial ☺😃👍👌das ist kein kochen,  das ist richtig Kunst.👏 Kompliment
What men can do woman  can do desame. We will proud of you mam very hardworking.
Liziqi: goes on a whole adventure for cucumbers
Me: goes to the grocery store
I REALLY FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS SERIES.... LIFE OF PLANTS... ITS BEAUTIFUL ❤️
Hey Liz how do you keep the plants all watered? There is no watering system and the soil is like clay. How do you grow everything so well?
李子柒真的太能干了
N sei se eu sou a única Brasileira aqui.
Mas cinceramente amo assistir esses vídeos, eu acho muito incrível esses lugares, fico imaginando eu num lugar desses, sairia correndo e andando,  olhando a natureza e pensando na vida, comendo fruta do pé, pena que aqui no Brasil n existe isso...

Aqui no Brasil,  tem mesmo é festas baladas,  bebidas,  bêbados e etc.   
Como eu queria que o mundo todo fosse assim...
Cuidado e com pessoas de bom coração.
Existem muitas pessoas ruins nesse  
Mundo que fazem mal a outras pessoas.
Alguns n tão nem aí pra vida.
E acabam desperdiçando ela com coisas que n fazem sentido.
Sei q muitas e muitas pessoas que verem esse comentário vão achar patético isso que eu estou falando...

Mas saiba que vc que ignora e n ta nem aí pra esse tipo de comentário...
É porque vc n sabe observar como a natureza é incrível.
E como o mundo seria lindo.
Se n existissem pessoas ruins.
E sabia que vc pode estar sendo errado tambem
Eu n falo de maldade,  maltratação e etc, eu falo de inveja e outras coisas do tipo.

Por isso eu falo.
Aproveite a vida o quanto vc pode, pois vc só tem uma.


Obs: tenho 12 anos
Por mais que vc n queira saber. ☺💟
Very nice 😗😗👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Who wish that She should post at least one video every day.😊
今天是我幸運的一天！這段時間生活在台灣與新冠病毒相抗衡，每天都處在不知道下一步要往哪個方向邁進。
無意間看見了妳的視頻讓我忽然覺得看見希望。妳真的很給力啊！感恩您。
Estou com água na boca quantas coisas gostosas passa a receita em português pra mim🙏🙏
💚💚💚💚
I love you ziqi Didi (sister) 
I have learned how to be motivated all the time.
she made mud balls for things to grow? wow
When you hear a chicken offscreen and the next minute it’s being processed ... amazing!
Gosto muito de assistir seus vídeos
The way she closed the door is literally me😅 
Who else does that?😂
I love this ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Was diese Frau alles kann! Herrlich ihr zuzuschauen! Wie alles scheinbar mühelos ihr gelingt, da könnte man noch vieles lernen! Ich könnte ihr stundenlang zuschauen!
I am so sad that she quit posting
Im feeling a lot of strsss and low .Aftr watching tiss itt makes me realise that feeling lonely is not an option and excuse to do anything..we can make it happn when we see the things in another way which makes us happi and seeing us making people happy.. 🥰😞 anyway its  a cute work🙃..i loved it .. keep posting Xd #BigLoveFromIndia💓🤍
Liziqui which soil you made from , there is not a single sign of tiredness on your face😵
i just realized tha why she like to cut into small pieces. it’s for grandma, so it will be easier for her to chew
Mon dieu ceux genre de femme existe encore à notre ėpoque , je n'y croyait plus qu'elle bonheur de pouvoir avoir une telle femme dans son foyer . Merci pour le partage
Interessante a forma de conservar os alimentos
I'm in love with her
我也想擁有用葉子做成籃子的能力這樣好方便，真的太厲害了
Can you upload your video in hindi dubbing
The way she closed her gate door... Adoring 😍😍😍
Es increible como trabaja esta mujer la felicito marabillosa mujer
I'd marry someone like you in a heart beat, you are surrounded by piece and tranquillity 🇬🇧🤗🙏
我喜欢每一个剪辑我有敏感
Wow amazing a paradise on earth pollution free pure environment and organic veggies and fruits love from PAKISTAN
♥️♥️
The fact that she was like it looks like i forgot basket for all the mushrooms, oh well, i guess I'll just make one from scratch
This is incredible
We the People of India can draw a few lessons from this.
Who is excited about Liziqi's video update like me
Always gets amazed by her skills
Woman can do everything ❤️❤️
乖乖李子柒！
The puppies are so cute 😍
Where are you Li ziqy.... miss you....❤
Gordan Ramsay: I'm the best chef in the world!
Liziqi: Hold my rice
I missed my place closed down the mountain..this so beautiful remind me home a lot
Qué lugar están preciosos
大自然虽美丽，朴实又安康，林镜仙与，谁懂她心，愿归于＜零＞。
Просто супер, что просто то просто😊
Very eintrstng your work OK 👌👌
picking mushrooms
Oh hey let me just WEAVE A BASKET FOR THESE REAL QUICK
Noobs: Hey what you do or your living?
Liz: I live for my living.
Real earth's glory🤩,btw she is so hard working 😌
Super girl 🙏👌👌👌💓🤗
ok, te conheci agora e estou apaixonado por tudo isso, " I'm gonna be just like you, no matter what they say I can't do"🛐💚💚💚
Indeed a rich farmer be like 😴
其实四川是个很富足的地方！主要现在人都没有lizhiqi、这样勤快了！好多种植和手工制作都失传了、祢的视频希望能提醒大家：天道酬勤！永远都是富家富国的真理！
Chinese people are like that so hard working and commited to their job... hats off to u liziqi.. U are truly enjoying nature.. and u grow almost every thing every fruit and every vegetable
Homegirl just made a basket out of a leaf.... if that doesn’t scream Disney Princess then idk what does....
The beautiful simple chinese country life ❤️❤️❤️
100% to your craftsmanship and 100% to your beauty.
최고🌎
The all about in this video is "nature"🤗
😍😍😍😋
The most happiest thing watched in the Youtube ever. Perfection
Without any exaggeration 3:41 was the best YouTube momment of my life.
Hermoso todo. FELICITACIONES
🥰        ❤️.
What an amazing lady she is
子柒美学👍🏻
😲😲😲
Hair & Fashion ✔️
DIY craft ✔️
Great cook✔️
Farming & resourceful✔️
Creative & innovative✔️
Pet lover✔️
Loves her grandma✔️
Pretty & graceful✔️
Videography & Editing ✔️
Exists in a beautiful & peaceful environment ✔️

I'm in awe 😍😍😍
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
최고의 신부감 이군요. 일손이 맵고 부지런하고 예쁘시고....응원합니다.
Very peaceful and relaxing
😘😘👏👏👍❤
What an amazing woman. If only women in the US were like her...
Love from India
This is how many people watching liziqi's videos before going to bed
This reminds me of what I used to do with mom while I was little
「この動画を撮りながら考えたこと」　（李子柒さんの制作ノートより抜粋）
人生一度きり、だからとにかく好きなことで生きていきましょう。　健康であることを前提に、好きなものを食べたり、飲んだりして、日々イキイキと、存分に楽しんで下さい。　　親愛なるあなたよ、家族を愛し、自分にも優しくして下さいね。　健康や体重のことを気にするなら、食事減量より、もっと、もっと体を動かせば、きっと一発解消ではないでしょうか！
Я Вами восхищаюсь
Το έκανες πραγματικό παραδισο μπράβο σου
Waw  so  smart  iam so  froud  off  you  thank you  to  tech  as  how  do  good  life.  What  we  see  this  verry  spesial  .
♥️  🎁  🎈  thanks   frovisional   Tim 
From  indonesie  Banjarmasin
Sou fã dessa moça
🌹👍🏻
When she is ready with her boots, it's the mushroom time!
thank you for that relaxation!!!
A mi me gusta ver los videos de lizigi por que no son aburridos son interesantes instructivos
Nice Lady. Clever&Active. ♥️♥️🇸🇰🕊🕊🕊🧑‍🌾🧑‍🌾🧑‍🌾
Wow.. You are so beautiful, talented and a hard working woman. I got totally mesmerized by you.
Nice so hard working person
It looks like watching a fairytale .Feels making a tour of heaven on earth.
No esta mujer es súper todo sabe como la admiró
Very very beautiful place and your home..I like your recipe and you...
Cuộc đời không như là mơ dẫu biết vậy nhưng mình vẫn mơ ước .kiếp sau mình sẽ có được cuộc sống như tỷ bây giờ. Một người con gái tài giỏi và xinh đẹp sống một cuộc sống rất an vui tự tại không phiền muộn. 😍
I always love the way you close the door....😂😂😂
Ước mơ của tôi "được sống một nơi bình yên không màng thế"nhưng điều đó thật là xa vời...😔
Giấc mơ chỉ là giấc mơ ...
I would want a wife like her but I'm afraid I won't be able to keep up with her 🤣
How profoundly wonderful to be amidst the serene, undisturbed and undaunted nature...
This is life 💕 No internet, no problem.  Every day you get up early, don't leave your plans for tomorrow.  Everything happens as you wanted. Silence, family and this is life, sometimes I want to return to my childhood, where I did not know about the Internet and every day was wonderful, interesting and unforgettable, there were times.
Que tarro de cristal más original alguien sabe donde se pueden adquirir
How i wish all women like her.its all around.love to watch her vlog.so ínpiring..goodluck girl
Ur amazing..
👍👍👍👍👍🌹
Watching her tells me there's no such thing as "boring". There's lots of things to get busy with in anybody's life.
هذه الفتاة رأيتها تريح الاعصاب
I was like a ha ha how you gonna carry all of mushrooms you didn’t carried your bucket then when she’s making bucket out of palm leaf  what the hack  I’m thinking 😂😂
just look at it to make the heart comfortable. God entrust one wife like this. God willing, will be forever happy. smart, versatile, natural, devoted, I hope you get a companion along with who you are. always healthy and happy❤️
Bravissima  ottime ricette complimenti
Cantik ye rumah awq 😘
She is still young hardworking woman ..amaze
Nhìn món ăn thì hấp dẫn nhưng nhiều dầu mỡ quá
She doesn't need any workout, because her daily routine is a workout 😂😁
فيديو رائع وجميل 👍😊
This is a masterpiece
Waow😍
好羡慕她有这方天地可以施展才华。
👍🥰
Liziqi's life is more likely a Country Culture over the mountainside of China, for me i live in a same civilization over the rice farm land with a greenhouse and humid climate of Northeast side of Thailand but i don't have a channel like her, we use a solar sun as a source of electric to irrigate our farm full of fruits tree's, herbs and vegetable garden, and got a laptop Apple computer for research on the web,.
I love those cute little puppies😍😍
She is an expert of every kind of work. She is doing all the works by her own( all alone). Nobody is helping her.
She's a Empress ( have quality of all Queen 👑)👸❤️❤️
Estava tudo perfeito! Até que ficou ruim qdo vc matou a gainha...mascis gongumelos é os legumes  ficou uma delícia🇧🇷
Backgraund voice i love it
You and the nature is so beautiful
😍😍😍😍
Me seacrh "how to plant vegies"

Liziqi : i'll show you how i decorate my garden, planting flowers and vegies, than how to cook it 😎
Wow super technical girls and so intelligent 😍😍😍
Wow espectacular lugar y espectacular chica .
What camera was used in these videos?
Absolutely mesmerising!
Dịch sang tiếng việt đi ạ
12:21 Her hands are full, so she closes the gate with her left hip, the other with the right, then pushes it shut with her bum!  Very cute and precious!  Very Liziqi!
This woman has more skills than all the character classes in Diablo 2 combined!
Very beautiful and smart cooking
Hi what kind of stove does she cook on?
yummy delicious healthy food...thank you
Missing your videos.....lizi.....
Oops! Forgot to bring a basket...no problem, I’ll just make one.
I love this music. Love from Indonesia
Planting the cucumber seeds on the late winter, harvesting it on late spring, fermenting in the middle of summer. Imagine creating a video about the life of cucumbers that takes months. This is what you call a content with quality and passion not just a simple and plain vlog that was done overnight.
Perfect! 👏👏👏
Красотка обожаю трудолюбивых
11:38 very impressive
She's perfect!
Cô gái này đẹp và giỏi quá các bạn
I don't like/eat cucumbers, but I still clicked because of Liziqi. Her videos make us forget our current problems and feel better even just for a bit.
Wow beautiful fence!
She is so talented
You are so beautiful and so strong
I love your life. Wish I could be you. ❤️🦋
احس حياتها افضل من حياتنا
看了真是汗顏，這位姑娘把婆婆照顧的那麼好.日子過的那麼多彩多姿，無論什麼活.都難不倒她.男人的活.女人的心思細密.對婆婆的孝順.真是聰明伶俐乖巧懂事能幹的姑娘⋯⋯真心佩服⋯⋯
Gadis kreatip cerdas pekerja keras ....👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Great making. Also thrilling.
بحبك كتيرررررررر انا من سوريا ...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
She is beautiful and she can do a lot of amazing things.
Liziqi where are you, miss you 😘
The moment she made the basket out of a single leaf I got all "Oh come on gimme a break!!!" She's an excellent crafter and multitasker, i won't even bother to talk about her cooking 👌
indah pemandangan nya nyaman suasananya.
salam kenal saya dari indonesia
She's so blessed to be taking care of her grandmother, she's doing an amazing job.
She is not only handworking But Beautiful as well🤧❤️❤️ Beautiful Angel where can I find a Girl like you?😭❤️❤️❤️
karya yang luar biasa |Top menginspirasi Sangat menyejukan
真的很舒服～～
This all is so beautiful
What was the point of putting bamboo over the brick wall? Was she trying to make the place look more rural?
It contains the entire process of growing plants.It's a great effort. That's a great video.👍👍👍
... finally in the end...with lots of love ❤️ for you...
อยากไปเที่ยวจัง...🥰😍
സൂപ്പർ 👌👌👌
Tebrikler hem güzel hem maharetli...
Very nice
Watching this before going to sleep. A good way to clear and relax the mind before sleeping. Thank you liziqi!
Meraviglioso,Buonissimo , bravissimae bella!!!
Please people, do NOT pick mushrooms as she did. Just cut it off; don't dig it out.
How bamboos are grown they need 11 months don't be harassed with them,make a liability
Я не понимаю тех кто ставит дизлайк. Для меня это релакс
👍👍👍👍
Gentlemen, ZiQi is rare and special. We must protect her at all cost.
Muhteşem 😘
Ever since I watched her vlog, I always dream of having a house like hers---home of everything.
A long time ago, Hwanung, the son of Heaven, ruled the people. There lived a tiger and a bear that wished to become humans, so they prayed everyday to Hwanung. Hwanung called them and gave them garlic and mugwort.

He said to them "you can become a human if you eat only garlic and mugwort for 100 days in a dark cave."

The tiger gave up after a little while, but the bear stayed in a cave alone. Surprisingly, she became a beautiful woman after 21 days.

Hwanung took her as his wife and she gave birth to a son. They named him Dangun. He grew up and established a country, Gojoseon. It was the first kingdom of the Korean history.
สุดยอดเลยค่ะอุดมสมบรูณ์มาก็เลยค่ะ
🤩
quê  charme  na gastronomia
👍👍👍👍
I wish I could have my own house someday and a large garden so that I could have all the plants I want, and a quiet life, the lifestyle that I desire so much, and Liziqi inspires me to have, her videos brighten my day and calm me down in times I need
Liziqi cooking is eammmmy 🤤🤤🤤🤤🥰❤️😘
คุณย่าของคุณโชคดีมากๆที่มีคุณอยู่ด้วยขอให้ท่านมีอายุที่
ยืนยาวอยู่กับคุณให้นานแสนนานนะคะ
Liziqi I'm from from nepal but sorry for your channel  subscribe late so beautiful and .....more much
勤劳的人，丰厚的果实。⁰人间 仙境。与世无争，平淡生活中幸福。
Q/ banquete , chiquerrimo .
Parabens !!@
Liziqi gives us  smile from the depth of our heart and really feel proud to watch all updates 💗
Seandainya aku pandai memasak seperti gadis ini betapa bahagianya aku.
I don't how it tastes, but it looks delicious...
สาระแนลี้ลับสำนึกดีครับ
J'aimerais devenir  un habitant á la campagne chinois, c'est vraiment paisible et tranquile, l'avenir dirá  le reste.
,,❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
看似一个短短20分钟的影片，却包含了半个春秋。子柒心中的构想跨度真的太长远了，而且还一身的手艺，工作也不耽误照顾奶奶。这种有光华又有温度的人，更值得尊敬和崇拜。
Gadis kreatip cerdas hebaaaat pekerja keras , berkarya terus nona cantik.....👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌟🌟🌟🌟
“I forgot my basket.” looks for leaves to weave one      I WISH I COULD DO THAT. I can’t even braid without it look wonky. She’s truly a gem!!
Lord give me a wife like her please
چقدر حس آرامش داشت ای ویدیو.
Love from Afghanistan 🇦🇫❤
You and your granny only two persons but you got so much to cook! Two persons how to finish? Can invite me ? Hehe!
Sema❤️❤️❤️❤️👍👍👍
เก่งมากครับ
🌏Хорошии и талантливый оператор, и монтаж, и наложение музыки, роликов-исключительный!!! Мои поздравления!!! 👏👏👏
She just represent GIRL POWER!!!
I am so mesmerised by her ..omg she is a goddess 💋
Where does she keep the dogs once the puppies grow up?
I firmly believe that she's a goddess.
this woman in secret is probably living in a mansion and earing millions thanks to her viewers
This is an amazing and such a loving angel. The way she meticulously cares for her grandma and nurtures her with such care is unbelievable. People now a days should take lessons from her. What a world apart we live in and how amazing that this beautiful soul can do so much with the entire environment around her. God bless her!
Amazzzzzz.... AMAZING!!!!!!!
An ideal woman for  all era... 😇 Hats off to u princess 😇😇
Brilliant
Playing in the mud just got a new meaning.
She is so beautiful💗💗💗💗🤗🤗🤗🤗😘😘😘😘
I'm here in Siberian city of Kemerovo always waiting for the videos. They help to relax, I smell the air freshness in the mountains, the food I've never tried, feel the cold water on my hands... I dream of being there once in my life. Thank you for all the beauty! And let your grandmother be healthy and live long!
Just missing her videos...but understand she has life too....
This woman never fails to amaze me
How much of patience is needed for Covering the whole video. Hats off to the whole camera crew members behind this great effort. 🙏❤️. Wishes from India 🙏🇮🇳
Os seus vídeos são ótimos eu gosto muito de assistir, pena que não tem legenda em português. 🇧🇷❤
Hiy i love this Natural your video
Her parents and grandparents must of worked very hard to give her such a beautiful life .
Look so delicious ...your one ov a kind
I feel so relaxed watching her vids. Who's with me?
It's my first time seeing her videos, I really admire her lifestyle ❤️
This was the first video of her that I started watching her. I love to watch her videos again n again.♥️
,,❤️🥰
Какой прекрасный материал бамбук, для оформления зон участка, можно и для балкона использовать, девочка - мастер своего  дела, хороший земледелец.
I need your content for healing😟
She always gives me the motivation to do things 💪
She can literally do everything ❤️
I am impressed how she can cook so many dishes from on main ingredient also the amount of dishes she makes in one day meanwhile I can't figure out what to make for dinner anyday
"You have a lot to teach me"!!!
Wow a lot of work went into that food but it looks amazing looks really good to eat I love mushroom meals
我就問，鏡頭後面是站幾個人🤣🤣🤣
I always love when she calls her grandmother to eat dinner but it's also sad cause it means the video is ending!!
Какие азиаты молодцы, такими видео , воспитывают свою молодеж трудолюбивой. И как "вкусно" они это делают. Восхищаюсь ими, и бабуля рядом, стариков уважают. Молодцы.
She is so amazing ..... stops and makes a hand made basket to carry her mushrooms 😳
Beautiful & gratefull
If it’s my sisters’s birthday in December, I’ll just stay in Korea for fun. But in the summer of 2031, Ms. hang literature let me get braces both of you, hold my hand ! The doctor gave me braces so it didn’t hurt. But that’s okay, I will work hard with braces, I won’t take them off. For beautiful braces.
😍😍😍😍😍
So perfect...
watch from Bangladesh. Very nice video
Real life Disney princess right here. Beautiful, loving, hardworking, provides for her family, good at everything, and there’s always puppies following her :)
Как всё ловко в нее получается!
Definisi gausah ke pasar di kebonku ada semua✨ keren bgt
Super super super👌👌👌👌
Azmine, çabana, hayata sıkıca tutunma çabana hayranım 😊
So much hard work
She can do whatever she needs, make baskets out of leaves, grow her food, is loved by neighbors and takes loving care of grandma.
❤❤😍👌👌
คุณเป็นผู้หญิงที่เก่งมาก ๆ ครับ
Miss you liziqi...
บ้านน่าอยู่มาก อากาศดี
hello I am from India I like you videos
What a serene way of living a life. Living is also an art what she just showed
Esta bello tu casa como lo hiciste
姑娘。這才能也太強了。怎個佈置制作。超棒。料理手藝。無話可說的棒。。讚。難怪這麼多人喜歡觀看。。這拍攝製作可刊稱極品專家。。🤗
這瓜苗培育。喜歡。聰明。這樣苗一出起。移種時不會傷到根部。讚。。❤
I don’t know how I found this channel but you are so beautiful and talented , whoever is filming you is doing good job with making this video too
Muito bom. Gostei muito!!🌻🌻
orangnya cantik,pandai lagi,aku suka itu
I love the fact how she takes such pride in the simple things in life, I wish I could get away from the L.A. city life and live that simple life away from all the city B.S. love her for reminding me there is another way of life that we take for granted.
Where are you?  All of us have supported you with your channel.  You have a responsibility.
I wish I had a bamboo forest nearby. She makes it look like the most versatile plant in the world.
A few days ago, this video showed up in my recommendation. I watched it and then I subscribed immediately. Now I rewathed this, the video that make me fall in love with Liziqi channel.
Amazing culinary skills. Compliments from another chef in New York!
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
I will never complain about a 12 hour working day ever again 😳 ❤️👌
Very nice
Amazing video always, never waste time to watch it because we can see the real natural life.
Her grandma must be so proud.  This is so SO awesome. What a lovely granddaughter and person.
Você é incrível ❤️ 😘
为什么你运气这么好，我今年夏天回家去捡鸡枞鸡不但没有捡到，然后还被晒中暑了🥵🥵
You work so hard so good. Thanks for making this inspirational video.
ชอบมาแบบนี้ครับผม
y'all ever wonder how much land they own bc I've been thinking about this for AGES and with every new video, it seems likes her garden of vegetables is expanding.

I'm just really amazed at how she can keep up with all of this when I can't even keep up with my own little room. 😭
Absolute peace in each thing she does🥰 skill and hardwork 💪
Have considered writing a series of books? Recipes in one book & a series of how to books with illustrations on all you have learned to make. Oh and I especially would love a Garden guide book. I would buy all of them. These are all my favorite things I enjoy in life.
Kebun belakang rumah, 5 hari sudah tunas 3cm,terusmasuk tanah guna besi tajam diameter 1cmketuk lubang sampai 30cm dan masukkan air akar dan tanah hancur
I Wish To God To Grant Me Wife Like Her 🙏.
That sure looks like Trachycarpus fortunei at 11:12.
Love it all
hay quá
Меня очень восхищает эта очень красивая и такая мастерица на все руки девушка !!!!
Миллион ей лайков
♥️👌
ได้ใจหนุ่มไทย ไปแล้วคับ1ดวง ..*_*ทั้งสวยทั้งเก่ง...
子柒，停更可长可短，考虑一下进修一下，有那种初中升大专五年的学历（含两年高中课程），因为你家庭贫困辍学早，所以这是你人生的坎儿，把学习的坎迈过去，你还年轻，大有未来。
比如学一个中文函授，仍可以在家照顾奶奶
Enak banget suasana nya
Liziqi where are you? I am waiting ur new beautiful videos
黄瓜是一种物候到了结的没完没了，却又不耐储存的夏天蔬菜。子柒居然能做出这么多不同的花样并把黄瓜的储存期变长，佩服！
😍😍😍
I wonder if she plays Warcraft in her spare time. Would love to play a game with her.
Refreshing video
A MULSICA DE FUNDO MIN LEMBRA O FILME  " SEMPRE A SEU LADO "   SOU UM CARA DURAO MAIS CHOREI A VER O FINAL DO FILME .  5:40 .  !   

Midsica de Fundo Min提醒电影“永远在你身边”我是一个破坏的脸，更多我哭了看到电影的尽头！
Liziqi the best girls and strong women 😍😍😍😍
I jus love the relationship she has with her Grandma...such a lovely thing to see...n her cooking n food.....wish i can try it one day....
Bang mazmazing gw punya saran bang ketika Abang spin keberuntungan langsung klik berhenti bang jgn nunggu terlalu lama bang itu saran gw
This makes me wonder if I have ever eaten as good a meal as what she makes.
Muito bom parabéns 👏👏
Mano, cai de paraquedas aqui! Amei demais ela, tô viciada nós vídeos dela, cara!!😳😳
فيديو جميل
Ok u guys forget to mention that she made all those bamboo fences herself. That's just damn wow!!!
Atatürkçü ve alevi müdürü cezalandırdık yazısını yanlışlıkla müfettiş grubuna gönderince olanlar oldu, 2002 de bugünleri bilmiştim paha biçilmez çok eski dağarcıkları heba etmiştim, haklı olduğumu gördüm onun için mutluyum
Священнодействие какое-то... Глаз не оторвать от такой красоты!
so relaxing my new channel  to watch  :) . thank you for you art . Oceans Of Love From Hawaii <3
I wish I could live like her somewhere ❤️ 🌍
i'd be dirty as shit doing work and she so neat, HOW can it be possible
Quanta maravilha! Deus abençoe
😍🌷
Who goes in the bush and makes a basket out of a leaf, Li. She is creative and amazing
She will be the kind of grandma full of wisdom.
Definitely, abundance comes from the heart... Thanks so much for such wonderful videos. Warm greetings from Costa Rica.
婆婆年紀大， 腸胃弱， 晚上少給她生食， 寒食材： 瓜， 生菜， 白菜， 白蘿蔔。 多些溫食材。
I've learned so much by watching you...❤
Era todo hermoso hasta que pusieron el sonido de la gallina muriendo, no podían pasar de largo esa parte? Hasta aquí llego yo, no veo más los vídeos de ésta chica
This girl be like “oh i want to eat some fresh cucumbers.let’s grow some cucumber trees and wait for like forever and then finally i get to eat some fresh cucumbers” she is really a icon
She is living the happiest life ❤️
this is literally the HEALTHIEST LIFESTYLE I'VE EVER SEEN
i love this!!! i have one question though, don’t you get tired with all this cooking and all the things you have to do at the same time?
Qué hermoso y bello jardín,te admiro mucho porque todo lo mantienes bien organizado y muy bonito,felicitaciones por tanta belleza.
歲月靜好的生活。
I think she worked in the imperial palace in her past life. She is hardworking, smart and adorable 😭
Pour le référencement🌹🌹🌹
李子柒:妳太能干了，什麼事情都難不倒妳，妳愧是當代新中國女性的典范、驕傲！同時也傳承了我們中華文代五千年的傳統舆美德！妳的奶奶真有福氣，晚年能有妳這麼孝順又善良的孙女陪伴太幸福了！祝奶奶長命百歲！快樂每一天！
I’ve also planted cucumbers but I literally got 4 cucumbers so I guess I need to plant more this year per pod and this time I will for sure grow them vertically and plant way more flowers than last year for pollinating the plants.
The amount of various flowers she has attracts so many pollinators it’s the reason her foods are so big and beautiful. 
Last year I planted a lot but my best harvest came from tomatoes from which I planted 6 different types. My second was beans and peas for which I had 3 different types. 
So I think that it’s also important to buy at least 2 or three varieties of vegetables in the same family....except zucchini one or two plants produce more than I could eat. 
I really love her videos and seeing how she plants items because I’ve never done too much myself but I’m going to have a pretty food forest one day.
Superb inspiration! Thank you for sharing this video!
Enchanté, I'm NiZzy Q 🇫🇷❤️
She is very talented and amazing woman.. and beautiful place 🥰❤
🥺👍🤩🤩🤩
Я только сегодня увидела впервые ее.О это Чудо!Это какое то инопланетное создание.Ну не может это быть правдой🤗🤗🤗
I wish my life is like this.
Im bored out of my mind all the time, this would be so fun to do
This video makes me feel at peace😌n she's also very skillful💘
เก่งจัง
These videos represent the life that many of us wish we had.  I will find my way there, though it goes against how I was raised.
Mau punya bini kyk gini... Hehehe
11:40 I'm crying cuz I am reminded of my grandmother who used to make this leaf baskets for me when I was little. I wish I learned from her. I miss her.😭
Your recipe is really delicious ❤️
Also she looked so cute when she closed the door with her back🤣 12:22
Золотые руки, просто супер!👍👍👍👸👸👸
Genial todo me encanta tu forma de vivir, me siento plenamente identificada, me das muchas ideas 💓💓🌹saludos de chile
face & mind both so beautiful  i truely love u from MANIPUR
Gordon Ramsey could learn a great deal from this young lady. I was blown away by the beauty in every thing she does. I know zero about gardening compared to her. She seems to have a gift in growing and harvesting which allows her to cook the most fabulous meals.
😍😍😍😍
Best part she enjoy all the weather, Rain, Winter, Summer, Snow. It's like the most peaceful place she live.
Thank you for sharing such beautiful and inspiring video.... ❤ It's my simple escape for stressful  City Life.. Keep Sharing.... 😘💕💕💕
Deu até vontade de fazer algo parecido
生活不过如此😂
What ever you cook always looks yummy and tasty 😍
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Imagine this was sitting in her folder for so long waiting for release till today and how many more must be waiting 🥺😍😭🥰🥰🥰. I’m already liking it before it’s release 😄🥰❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ela e perfeita nós detalhes do que faz parabéns 🌼🌼🌼🌼🧘🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻
I just love the positive energy of the comment section,very healthy energy from all over the world
اتمنى اكون انا معاكي 🤩😍🤗🙂🙂
she is a role model of more than millions of female workers who work hard for their living. all the best liziqi . You also inspire women all around the world.
很喜歡看你的視頻，你拍的都看過，可是最近看到的都是別人拍的都不看不知道為什麼妳本人都沒出現，也說甚李子七呢可以知道原因嗎
Whenever I want to relax, I'm watching her vids.
OMG,  she is so strong to do all these hard work and carried such heavy bamboos!!!!!!!!
I'm very excited when I talk about ziqi with my friends, I introduce her everything to my friends, I'm very proud of ziqi fans.
Lizigi: eres estupendamente una gran guerrera  en la casa y él campo,me quedé con buen apetito d esos manjares vegetarianos q haces,gracias muy bns.😋😋👌☺👍.
I wish I could spend 1 day with her.....shes very talented!!!!
I wonder what are the 20k dislikes about, seriously!
Lugar maravilhoso de se morar  Brasil
Nice
Это не девушка это чюдо 21 века. Фея из   сказки. Мастерица на все руки.  Низкий ей поклон  за ее  трудолюбие.
HAY ALGO QUE ESTA MUJER NO PUEDA HACER? ES TAN TALENTOSA Y HÁBIL
Hermosa vida Liziqi, das vida y sigues el ciclo. Una de las cosas que mas me gusta de tu entorno, es la plantación, cunde mucho el amor que le das a todas lo que tocan tus manos, mucha vida 👍 come rico y saludable.
Aprovechas mucho de todo lo que tienes, feoli, saludos desde chile❤
Saya ingin mencoba di kampung saya
Outstanding environment.. Just peace & calm 🥰🥰🌿✌️ & this lady is so beautiful, cute, sweet & so smart. 🥰💚
Éperdument amoureux
her video is like a documentary of survival skills and cucumbers. she makes me hungry again.
Such mouth watering dishes... U r multi talented 👍🏼
Watching you is watching a most beautiful life. Thank you for sharing.
Mushroom....wowwwww
How could you not like this, shows what you can do  when you work hard. This woman is amazing.
kagum saya sama wanita di vidio ini cekatan dan terampil luar biasa ya
The best channel on youtube !! 💯
Какое хорошее видио. И труд, и готовит, и бабулька в кадре, а щенки-это большой плюс.
You are one of the most skilled and talented people I have ever seen. I believe you mentioned your grandfather taught you a lot and he did an excellent job. You're also extremely beautiful. Thank you for sharing your wonderful videos. 🌹❣️💯
Amo a natureza. Amo tudo que você faz
Some of those  pots may be a thousand years old , lots of memories , but it's all sooooo wonderful to live and untouch with nature , peace and tranquility , the puppies , chickens , the birds chirping , fresh air , sunshine  and water , hearing the rain on the roof , and it's a plus if  you have the mosquito nets ,  wooooow , priceless 🥰🥰🥰👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Keren
i'm so grateful i found this channel, you're incredible !
Love you from vietnam
I loved how she closed the gate 12:22😁. Im her big fan💜
I wish I could live like you... ♥️
She knows how to make money every single inch of her land. Love every video she did.
Waiting for newest video
I just stumbled upon this video/your channel ~ this is much more than a YouTube upload....the cinematography!
I was certain it was a film 10 seconds in & im impressed especially that I was wrong ;)
Unwinding 😽😽
I want to cry how beautiful her life is <3
Riquísimo 😋 saludos desde México
I love cucumbers. You’re a strong empowered woman. Salute ! Fan from Philippines.
💕💕💕💕💕💕🙏
* SEES A CUCUMBER*
Me: "What can I do with it... maybe I can put it next to my cat" 
Liziqi: "I can cook it in 20 different ways and they are all good"
China，beautiful contury
Here we are spending our time in mobiles & pc
And she's spending quality time with hard work and patience.
It's very satisfying to watch her do her things.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love how you take care of your grandma and your food and your angel personality 😄
A Women's like her is more precious then diamond....Love  it .
Im deeply in love with u and Ur gentle ways of cooking...😊🤗❤️
Nature place to live. Simple life make us happy, no stress & stay young. :)
"When you first went into the woods & stood there/The camera went to your milk(I am going to suck on them every night)"!!!
OMG she's an angel 🧡
👍👍👍🙌🙌🙌🙌
All we people need in this life, is the country, nothing more, to live healthy, she is very lucky 💖💖💖💖
Me sorprende la habilidad que tiene para hacer prácticamente todo, un modelo a seguir
Керемет кызым! Бакытты бол! Колыңа дерт бермесін , денің сау аман бакытты бол!😘😘😘🧿🧿🧿🍀🙏🏻
❣️❣️❣️
What a beautiful place and beautiful weather and a lovely girl amazing work.. I want to meet her 💞
Am I the only one laughing at the chicken's death?!?!?!
质量太高了，说实话虽然李子柒已经很火了，但我觉得她配得上更高的成就、更多的粉丝
Beautiful video. It's like a paradise! 
But how fast everything in China grows? The whole season past and the puppies are still the same size. 😁
I admire this lady very creative and hard working
Segala dimasak,bingung makannya 🤔😊
Eres modelo y ejemplo de amor y vida. Eres una bendición . Felicitaciones .🙌🍃🙅‍♀️💚😻❣️😽🍃🏡🇨🇴💛💙❣️🧑‍🌾🥰👏
Exclusive video my dear friend
Amazing... I don't think I've ever watched anything more satisfying. 

The YouTube algorithm has been telling me to watch this for days.  I'm glad I finally gave in.
Üretmek ne kadar güzel🌱🌱🌱
Anyone from INDIA.....
I just love her videos ....Omg...it’s really reducing my stress guys...and I always watch her video with a smile...😊
She deserves the Guinness recognition
The food made my mouth water looked so delicious
Super.
I feel good when I see your script 🥰🥰
cucumber is bamboo?
I always love cut scene when she avoids killing chickens scene
Me encanto este video muy suatwntable y un alimento muy sano todo producido en casa. Pusieran esas recetas se ben rikas..👍👍 ya te di manita arriba.  Gracias buen vídeo
Вот труженица! !!! Все замечательно! !!! Умница! !!! Привет из России!
Always good...
Lixiqi is a excellent girl such a farming,cooking ~.🍎
Why u r not posting any videos?.....pls comeback ..missing u badly 😭😭😭😒😒😒😒😥
Mom, randomly: Did Liziqi share a video? (we usually watch her videos while having a lunch)
Me: No...
Later today
Me: Mom, she uploaded the video
Mom: Must be about cucumbers. That's what I've been doing today.
Me: :o
How did you guess hahah :O
She's beautiful the camara work is beautiful the garden is beautiful i loved everything about the video
SUBTÍTULOS EN ESPAÑOL,
TAMBIÉN LATINOS VEMOS ESTOS VIDEOS...muy HERMOSOS 
FELICIDADES!!!
I'm still watching yor old videos plis add sommore
👏👏👏🇧🇷 Show 🙏❤️❤️👏👏👏👏
没有更新，只能重温！
I wish someone would subtitle whenever an ingredient is named in Chinese.
That's a crazy amount of work. Feeding the pigs, chickens, and dogs; planting, watering, and making greenhouses for the cucumbers and other crops; watering, fertilizing, and trimming the flower plants; making or repairing the fences, wash basins, beds, and silk blankets; not to mention cooking and doing the other household chores.
home girl just made a BASKET from a palm leaf in an instant! she's soo cool
Wow she is so energetic, skillful, creative and hardworking lady than the man... and not only that but also look at the beautiful clean and clear forest and fresh vegetables that she cultivate and the melancholy sounds of the bird's ❤️
Hats off your hard work 👍👍👍
💫🌄🌠⛄🌲🍀
Her home and garden are so beautiful
Ну все то она умеет!
Her videos make me feel like I'm living the wrong life :(
Hard work gives results. Amazing.
Love her programs!
你什麼時候回歸？😊
I would like to live with her one day and see how it's like to live like this. She's so beautiful and peaceful
is it just me or are these dishes really oily?
I can't believe she's 30 yrs , she looks like a teenager.
This is a very rich HH. That’s a ton of land. Caring for the land must requires many hands!
Such a beautiful video, I'm sure more than 1 guy fall in love with her🥰
Where is Liziqi now?is there anybody know where is she?’
Love And Togetherness is the most Powerful Combination to Get Happy. Keep Sharing this, it will give you back Fantastic Rewards. Thanks For Sharing Such a Healing Creation. Lots Of Love.
I love you 🥰🥰🥰🥰
I cant even imagine how much she would have waited for those cucumbers to grow. 🤐🙏
Gracias que hermosa mujer . . . 🙅‍♀️🍃🙏🏻💕🥰
Это девочка Фея. Убеждаюсь, что китайцы очень творческие, находчивые люди. Им все по плечу
I want to be just like her when I grow up
Tan bellos los cachorritos 😍😍😍😍
Super
Here in Europe we need to see more of this from China, not the political stuff! This is what China should spread for us outside, the amazing nature and the different people and skills! Thank you!
冬至、小寒、大寒、立春、雨水、惊蛰、春分、清明、谷雨、立夏、小满、芒种、夏至、小暑、大暑、立秋、处暑、白露、秋分、寒露、霜降、立冬、小雪、大雪。大部分蔬菜，水果，小麦等食物都有它分布的时间种植，这就是中国24节气
“A simple and humble poem for you ma’am”.
By: L.F. Young

She is a gift to this world from the god’s, and if we are wise enough to learn and see. Maybe! Just maybe, by living, loving and finding peace with this tired old world. We may yet, find the pathway to inner and outer peace.

Thank you from a weary and tired world. I pray. These sad, frustrated and lonely human’s. Find, their humanity before it’s to late, for everyone and everything. I haven’t given up on you, my children... don’t give up on yourself.
Very happy to watch your video liziqi💕💕
我喜欢她那样的生活❤️❤️
🥰🥰🥰🎄🇨🇵
Precioso trabajo
Very.  Good
She's working so hard while I'm sleeping and watching
This is the pure heaven.. I want to live here..😭😭
Este muro ficou top.
Bravooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you 💕
It looks incredibly delicious...
Wow she is a good woman .doing gardening good.and she is prety.
Je aime cucumbers-
Liziqi is a girl talent"
Chef's
Arquitech' 
Gardener' 
Designer' 
Plumber' 
Etc.
LiZiqi is a fascinating woman her talents are endless just as her love for her Grandmother and whole family this woman can do anything she decides to do. Li will research the new subject or building and once her research satisfies Li will begin with her project. I wish I could spend one full year living on the Grandmother’s farm. She makes her own tools to use for cooking.
•Me: damn, i forget to bring basket. Have to go home again
• Liziqi: i forget to bring basket. Nevermind, i can make it with anything i found....

Btw, i love cucumbar 🤤🤤
Amazing ❣️
Ovo je umjetnost uzgoja, kombiniranja i spravljanja hrane. Predivno!
😋😋😋
Que linda es la vida del campo.
Gourmet food
I bet the air she's breathing is crisp and clear
MASHA'ALLAH...yuh are very talented...💖💝💖
I'm gonna need that basket weaving tutorial just incase I decide to run away from the city
💕💕💕💕💕👍🌹
Que nivel de mujer hermosa y trabajadora 👩💖💖
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩👌
her hands prove that she is a real clever handy woman. Salute to her
14.9M subs in 5 years, damn 😲👏🏼
You're so beautiful cooking very healthy God bless you princess
U r super heroin. From kerala
salut dengan kerja kerasmu @liziqi  ❤❤💪💪💪
仿佛是仙女下凡間，把玩人類遊戲的通關秘籍拍成短片。我來隻是看自己卡在了哪一關 🕹️
I don’t think I’ve ever met a girl or woman like that. My grandmas probably the only ones who come close.
Best video! Relax and motivations!
11:43 why she draw a circle on the ground after picking those mushrooms? The elder told me when I was child that if you draw a circle , those mushrooms will not run away and grow in the same place next year.
Looks delicious 😋
GRATIDÃO  ! MAMÃE TÁ!
You are really a worker harder
我喜欢他那样的生活❤️❤️
多保重您的脊椎， 腰背的保健， 小心年輕搬太重， 做太多， 將來疼痛， 長骨刺， 常常疼痛， 壓到神經！別做拼命3 娘！
One day we'll find out she composes the music too!
these videos are an inspiration
Cute   girl   makes    many    varieties     of    dishes    ,   only   for    two    people   !   She   knows   ancient    methods    to   preserving     food  - stuffs    too  !    Must   have    trained    under    her    Ganny  Maa's    guidance   .  👍👍👍  .   She   builds    fence   ,   cultivated    farm    things    ,   all   by   herself  ..... !   😊😊😊  .   Amazing  !   God    bless    to    all   rounder    clever   &   cute   girl   !   🌹🌹🌹  .
I feel very cool
se botar essa moça e o rodrigo hilbert no mesmo canto, é capaz deles construirem uma cidade na mão
Wow
How do some people hit the dislike?  Lol haters gonna hate
🥰🥰🥰 as I look at the profile and see the  cudly puppies I had to watch it 🤣🤣🤣🤣 , she's truly beautiful , hardworking and industrious 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻💯💯💯💯💯💯♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Very talented and amazing place
Very good
This is pretty good! I like every camera angle and also she's beautiful.. I always admire this kind of life in the country side..
Hearty lady.  Damn.
Oh man, I was saying, “awe, look at the pretty chickens”, then I hear one scream! Thank goodness she doesn’t show it. 🥺🐓
Me encanta como es vida campo pero alli si hace frio ,me muero mi pais tropical soy nicaraguense
"I need a basket. I'll make a basket."
En la cultura occidental no existen mujeres así, es increíble,que una tan joven tenga tanto conocimientos
She is so amazing
makanannya kaya yg enak enak
Namaste 🙏 Thank you so wonderful... Ich finde das ganz wunderbar..... 🙌
😍😍😍😍😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Her: build’s a whole fence

Me: can’t even get up from my bed

Edit: wow thanks for the likes! I’ve never gotten more than 3 before. #thatsjustsad
This is wondeful!
She is doing hard work, very fascinating.
加油加油加油
I am from Pakistan and I love to watch ur videos I also like gardening
건선 약을 주시면 제가 오랫동안 건선을 앓아왔습니다.
Me (when having cucumbers): juSt eAt😑
Liqizi: make hundreds of dishes
HERMOSA SEÑORA BONITA 💃🕺💃🕺💃QUE DIOS LA COLME DE BENDICIONES 🙏🙏🙏🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
oh my God this woman is a genius
I love your skill. But When you killed that innocent animal I feel that  you don't have beautiful ❤ 😢
Why the hell I missed this on YouTube all these days ...it's literally a fairy tale
Please new Vlog
She's that Village Girl that every neighbor loves
I wonder who are the photographer and video editor? They have wonderfully captured her and her surroundings on videos.
Lizhiqi : makes a basket out of leaves 
Me : burns the entire kitchen with an oven
Трудолюбивая девушка а земля камень.
what on earth is the tool she uses to chop things? It looks cool.
super
보는것만으로 휠링이 되는! 
지혜롭고 대단한  그리고 아름다운 분이네요.
행복하시고 건강하세요! ^^🐾
Phút thứ 11:44 cô ấy vẽ vòng tròn để làm gì vậy ạ ???
"Who needs to carry a basket when i can make a new anywhere"
U r such a talented lady.hats off u
Amazing....😍
How come the puppy never grows up?
adorable, multi talented.
Wow
16:08 when she put the ham in the wok i smelled something cooking for a second i was shocked. Like how did that happen. Did i somehow smelled her cooking through the screen but then I realized after that my dad is also cooking something downstairs and the timing was just right lmao.
Garden of eden amazing cooking by beautiful girl.
Mujer  Increíble
今天情人節 好想認識 各行各業的朋友~~ 
 
我現在住台北唷 看誰能猜出我的聯絡方式  搞不好我們會成為自同道合的好朋友唷
HOW I WISH I HAVE THAT KIND OF TALENT TOO :(
我想变成她奶奶🙄
16:44 when she cracked the egg using one hand that was IMPRESSIVE
She is so talented.
Me: Why is she making those mud-balls? Seems like an unnecessary thing to do.
Also me: Oh! that mud-ball thing was a really smart way to divide the plants when moving them from the nursery.
Kayanya liziqi cocok kalo ikut law of the jungle, adore her so so much!
Молодец какая , девушка .
子柒我這幾個月很忙錄工廠的所碎的雜事很多邀除理！一個人很芒不過來！重點還要上班公作賺錢！我公司在台灣高雄市大聖保全事業機構分配到圓善大飯店上班？
Amazing😍😍😍😍😍😍
Beauty with brains
≪李子柒关于本视频的创作笔记≫≪Li Ziqi's creative notes about this video≫　　　夏天的味道是什么样的呢？早晨起床后呼吸的第一口新鲜空气，“凉飕飕，湿漉漉，混合着泥土和满院子各种植物的清香“。这是助理给我的回答，好像还真是这么回事……春节后在家闲着也是闲着，把院子另外三面的外围墙也铺了竹栅栏，去年过年只围了里面嘛。竹子是过年前砍的，晾了个把月吧没记错的话。别问我为啥放了一个月的竹子为什么还是绿的，我…确实不晓得咋回答。
 
围这个竹排，去年也是研究了很久最后选择用膨胀螺丝，打进砖墙拧紧。选细长的竹竿做横条子，稍微拿铁丝暂时固定，等到一根根竹子平铺满墙面之后再拿钳子拧紧，看着麻烦，做出来效果还真的蛮好看的。后面陆续移栽了些月季 三角梅 铁线莲，还栽了好多黄瓜和丝瓜。
 
黄瓜育苗还是用的我们这边老式的”下蛋子“，育苗 移栽 打架 开花 瓜果 成熟。院子里里外外的围墙，都被我种了黄瓜丝瓜啥的。外围墙的花刚移栽，今年肯定爬不满竹栅栏，所以牵一些绿色藤蔓上去，也不至于光秃秃。
 
黄瓜熟了一个多月有了吧，水果黄瓜已经化藤。前一段时间不是在忙活麦子 油菜的视频嘛，没时间拍。现在都只有这种晚一点的本地黄瓜，大的小的摘了些晒了黄瓜皮，黄瓜洗干净对半切去籽切厚片，用盐腌渍出瓜肉里的水份，晒干后装坛子保存。
 
我以前在一家湘菜馆当服务员的时候啊，那里有一道菜，叫”黄瓜皮炒腊肉“，很多来的人都说很好吃，很下饭。我清楚的记得价格，那是2005年吧，16块钱一份，那时候我一个月工资是300块。也不会舍得拿一天半的工资去点菜的，哈哈…反正就是记得很清楚，是记忆里欠缺的味道吧，这次做了，也就圆梦了。

小暑过后，几场夏雨落下，又到了满林子 田地 鸡枞刷刷往外冒的时候。试探性的上山看了看，满山五颜六色的野生菌探着可爱小脑袋，陪刚蜕壳的蝉子一起宣告夏天。闷 湿热 满山都是凶猛的露水蚊子，得亏穿着长衣长裤，还好真撞到了两窝超级多的鸡枞群，安慰一下助理被蚊子咬了3个大包的脑门。
没拿工具，折了树枝勉强撬的起来，没拿篮子，还好林子里有棕树叶子，临时凑活一下，不然就得用衣服兜着走啦。

鸡枞菌我们这一般用南瓜叶洗，叶子上的小毛刺可以擦干净鸡枞表面的泥尘。洗净的鸡枞把菌伞和菌把分别撕小块，先把开伞的部分放油里慢慢炸，因为这部分水份多留一点嘛。随后可以放一些姜丝 辣椒 花椒什么的进去，等到菌伞炸到开始脱水的时候放伞把和盐，熬到鸡纵菌脱水70%左右的时候我觉得就成了，太干的话口感不好，也嚼不动。熬好的鸡枞油简直一绝，吃面 凉拌菜 炒菜啥的，说是神仙美味一点也不过分。
 
黄瓜皮泡发后切细丝，配上腊肉丝随便炒炒都很香，确实无敌下饭，对得起我记了这么多年啊，哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈。用熬好的鸡枞油陪着黄瓜，荞麦面。炖了只鸡，取了鸡肉丝，做了个鸡丝凉面，夏天不就是好这一口嘛！！！
 
鸡枞还剩了些，切了点鸡枞块配上黄瓜丁和腊肠，把前晚上的剩干饭炒一炒，黄瓜的清香配上鸡纵菌的那一口鲜，炒饭清香扑鼻又刚好综合掉腊肠的一点油腻，我是一个人可以吃完那一盆你别不信！！
 
酱黄瓜，也是头两天做的，嫩绿的青瓜对半切拿盐杀掉水份，之后晾干表面水份。辣椒 花椒 八角 茴香熬一锅香料汤，煮开后放酱油 白酒 盐 白糖，煮一煮放凉。把盐杀过的嫩瓜条放进去腌渍，还可以自己放点生姜 辣椒啥的，一般腌个两三天比较好吃，尽量一个礼拜内吃完，这个是属于短保的美味。 
 
就着这个酱黄瓜做了个鸡肉手卷，那么简单就不废话了。最后还有一些黄瓜皮，和猪肉剁在一起煮了个黄瓜皮肉丸子汤，太太太太好吃了。香香的肉丸一口咬下去，黄瓜皮有一点脆弹脆弹的。这个肉丸子做法来自我以前吃过的“贡菜肉丸”，脆脆的 香香的。 汤头是熬的奶白的鸡汤，再放一点清香的黄瓜片，撕2柳鸡枞。这一顿鲜香，吃过几天了现在打字还咽口水，也就这点出息了吧。

 
可是，就活这一辈子啊。在健康的前提下，想吃就吃，想喝就喝，想乐就乐…… 过好每一天。
所以，我亲爱的你们。好好爱自己，爱家人，对自己好一点。别动不动就是减肥！减啥肥啊！多动点不就完了吗？

我也……有点迷，扯到减肥去了，可还行。今儿就这样吧！助理他们还在等我拍东西！赶着把小作文写完。
就这样啦，么么哒～～～～强行！！！
（摘自b站）　　
.
.

　　　（请诸位翻译大佬们大显身手吧！）
Beautiful!!!
You are a perfect girl!
🤝👏 thenks ❤️ 👍 👋 🇻🇳
Пожил бы так☺
جميل
gosh，she's strong, I've carry bamboo before, they are very heavy 😱
LA MUJER SOÑADA...HERMOSA, VIRTUOSA Y MISTICA.
she looks and acts and works like a princess
This is bamboo
no flies, no wild animals, no bandits. that's paradise!
Wow
Who else been watching 李子柒 Liziqi" for more than a year ? 🥳🥳🥳🥰🥳🥰💗💗😛😛
Such a real hardworking woman , i havn't  seen ever
"whoops I forgot my basket at home"
"nvm I'll just   m a k e   o n e   out of these leaves nearby"
Вы очень хорошая и красивая девушка.
Там где вы, живёте чистый воздух, и у вас там столько всего растёт, уважаемая девушка, вы хоть, Всевышнего Господа, благодарите, за прекрасную жизнь которую Господь, нам дал.☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Video muy relajante 
Like
i m also here seeking peace.
She is so strong and delicate at the same time
Love you
She has plenty of baskets at home. Weaving one out of leaves while foraging was just flexing.
The filming and music is mesmerizing
That’s why I’m falling in love with her😍😀
Such a peaceful  place
11:22 Holy god how...
Ladies and Gentlemen, You just watched the real Wonder Women. PERFECT
I wish everyone who watch this got a women like her.❤️. God Bless Her
incredible!!!!
အရမ်းတော်တယ်
Liziqi devo gustare i tuoi piatti. Complimenti!!!
Deu água na boca!!!
LiZiqi: exists 
Artificial things: am i a joke to you?!
Admirable!!
These are all things that I could never😳
Each video that she does is a work of art......., a masterpiece! She is an angel!
просто восхищена)) все так красиво , вкусно и не возможно оторваться  от вашей жизни.
She is amazing, I wish I had her knowledge and her strength
Love you
The simplicity garden, close nature, the chickens havesting in house.  That was lot of preparations  for meals.  Lovely video.
Lấy đc con em này thì hết nước chấm
When you are passionate about something your soul translates it into talent and you create magical things ❤️
С уважением смотрю, спасибо вам огромное за такую работу!
She is like living in her own world..a perfectionist..masterminded!
I like you 
From city indonesia.
😇
На все руки мастерица как поняла внучка и бабушка,бесконечно можно смотреть как работает человек как горит огонь в очаге как бежит вода!!!
That’s is a lot of good for two people. Everything was good until I saw the chicken got killed. Not pleasant to watch. Poor chicken RIP🙏
I am literally watching every single video she has ever posted, and honestly am I the only one who loves every outfits she wears?
The skills, the knowledge, the organized content.. this is well prepared.
I feel like shes living a life that humans were supposed to live, quiet, and peaceful. Though its hard work it keeps you healthy and gives you skill and patients
"I`m ready for us"!!!
Умница Лизиги и природа очень красивая молодец бабушке привет
🥦🥦🥦🥦👍
Loved seeing you use cucumber leaves as a way to scrub the mushrooms. My grandmother taught me that trick long ago.
Watching your videos makes me feel more relaxed, it's like a therapy.... Thank you so much for sharing your skills to the world.
She manages to amaze me everytime! Such a creative person!
😍👏👏🙏
That's so close to paradise as you can get on earh.🌈
👌🥒
You know what funny is she's doing this while I'm watching eating double stuffed oreos
Todos likes do mundo
She's literally a legendary girl in the world.
❤❤👏👏👍💐
Very wonderful
Keep me there for work for free as an assistantI will do all the work 😀
AMAZING
You so pretty liziqi
The 19 and 50 minutes I spent watching this weren't wasted. Damn satisfying and relaxing. Thank you, Liziqi. 🤍🤍🤍
Wow you are both beautiful AND practically amazing! LOL
it is so relaxing, I'm gonna go to sleep now
love from Bangladesh 

বাংলাদেশি কেউ আচ নাকি থাকলে সারা দও
Now that’s what I call a perfect wife 👌🏼
Маладец
Those mushrooms looks appetizing, all the more when cook it.
She's now on her 11.4m subscribers? Wow, what a milestone!
Casi muero cuando escuché la música de the Untamed ,Xiao Zhan y Wang Yibo🇨🇳🇺🇾🙏
Your video’s defines hard work and dedication and a lot of patience, I enjoy watching it and those cucumbers plants 🥒 looks so healthy......this is the way to live enjoy doing what you love 😍😍🤩🤩
I love the brilliant colors of the beautiful flowers and gardens  

Thank you for being an inspiration to those of us who want to try these projects. 
I love your videos.
Thank you so much for sharing..I've learned a lot from watching you...bless you and your family..
I am a Bangladesh and so Nice
Que maravilha de vida 🤩 Deus abençoe 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Very nice papa
The food always looks so delicious, I wish I could be a dinner guest, I'd help with the meal preparation! Haha
She is so amazing and inspiring 😍❤️
Красивые виды и девушка милая🌞
Много чего умеет делать молодец!
I appreciate her efforts but the amount of food she prepared for two people is an absolute wastage of resources, efforts, time & energies..
Esse lugar parece ter um clima tão bom!🇧🇷
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
I’m speechless of the part where she makes a basket on the spot. Amazingly done
A very inspirational video. This is an art form. Thank you.
The way she picks food it's sooo much refreshing feeling 💚
Wowwww 16.5ล้าน
Какие интересные блюда девушка готовит ) приятно наблюдать за ней )Спасибо !
Chuc toi se qhat cuu gioi đi
Завораживает... Понимаю, что за всей этой красотой стоит колоссальный труд. Но остается чувство легкости... Наверное потому, что все сделано с любовью. Рай, созданный своими руками! Что может быть лучше.
This is so beautiful and you are such a talented and hardworking girl❤️
What a beautiful video! She's literally a legendary girl in the world! 🤗⭐️✨🌟❤️💕👍
I guarantee that this lady will indeed survive the apocalypse and will probably be the very last living soul of humanity on this planet. 🌏
I love rural life but sadly, in the USA it's not affordable unless you're an already established farmer. I'm amazed at her skills every day and wish to live like this
Ideologi feel? Or magic?
Who? 
They know me? Fusion?
Вот на такой надо женится )
ผมละเชื่อผู้หยิงอะไรจะขยันขันแข็งยิ่งกว่าผู้ชายบางคนชะอีกชอบดูครับได้ความรู้ดี
It's so cute how she always sees the mushrooms and goes "damn this is way bigger than my head lol"
Sono proprio Bravissime queste donne giapponesi!ma veramente Bravissime a fare tutto da sole! Io non ne sarei proprio capace.
It's funny how I have to resort to videos just to get some sense of what nature really is
 Humanity really is questionable
是吃素呢！自己砍竹子很厲害自己種東西吃！！
Pure magic.....
cho minh xin nhac :))
Beginning to follow this account, its followers have not been much, and now increasingly popular, continue to inspire many people and provide positive content. Success for you
She is so beautiful!!!!
No way she doing all this herself, clever camera angles and I bet many doubles who actually do the work
What kind of material is that bucket looking thing she cooks on. It looks like she has dropped some coals in it? Is it cast iron?
This gorgeous woman and her beautiful videos absolutely blow my mind. Can I marry you and live with you in your garden of Eden?❤️
😘
She really makes wanna live in the countryside !! ALSO, I'm impressed by her multi talents , love her videos ♡♡
Chinese people are progressing and hard working
This is what they should teach at school. To be self suficiente. Very talented lady
I love to watch her videos 🌼 her videos act as sleeping pills for me 😍
Liziqi's video helps me focus when I cook and do house chores. Thank you for such quality of video production.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
Amazing life, live with nature & grow anything she wants to.  No headaches from any co-workers, she controls her own time, and more importantly, she is her own boss!!  Although, she is doing a lot of hard-manual work (possible someone assist her after filming), on the contrary, she is content and making millions of money from her wonderful videos.  Kudos to her:)
Cô gái giỏi lắm.
I would LOVE LOVE to see more of grandma, ask her to tell you stories about her growing up and what life was like, ask her to tell your viewers about her family and how she cooks food, did she teach you how to cook? Oh I pray grandma will be around for another 50 years (wishful thinking) my momma is 86 years young, grandma reminds me of my mom, so kind hearted, she loves to laugh, she rarely takes breaks and is always busy (she says it’s what keeps her alive) , I would love to know more about grandma 🙏🏻💕
Is there anything she can't do? She is so amazing and talented.
She deserves waaaay more subscribers for all the hard work she does!!!
😀😊😇🥰
Eu queria morar nesse lugar ou melhor o mundo podia ser tudo assim fartura paz respeito...parabéns pelo canal...❤️❤️❤️
Once I want to visit your firm please.
I crack a smile whenever I see granny enjoying herself. 😁
Wow ! She amazing. She covered the brick so it could look natural .
Просто наслаждаюсь видео!!!!
แมบไม่ได้ไช้เงินเลยนางเก่งมากๆๆขอคาระวะจ้าๆสวยอีกด้วยคะ
なんでも作っちゃうんですねマジ尊敬します✨
挥不去乡土情怀
Her life, her puppies, her house, her garden,... All of them are sooooo pretty and peaceful. I love it so much omg
I love cucumber so much that I can even eat that whole year...
She's like a goddess walking in her vast garden. 💖💖💖
This is beautiful!! I would like to experience something like this. Is it possible?  To take a tour or visit?
A simple and beautiful life ❤
I love it😇😍
เป็นคลิปที่คนติดตามและดูมากจริงๆนับถือเพราะเธอสวย
It looks like a worker 's fairy. I think it's amazing that you can do chicken, external sourcred and everything.💖
I love you so much 😚😅🤗
真的 你让我心服口服 一片树叶在你手里都能变成一个篮子。再次让我感受到了你的成功绝不是偶然
看完視頻感覺李小姐真的是雙手萬能，覺得農活廚房做菜都難不了她，巧思把一般的瓜類搭配其他食材就（變出）一盤盤讓人垂涎欲滴的美食，視頻中的李小姐真的是👍
esse vídeo passou uma vibe tão boa que até deu vontade de morar em lugar assim
Круто
You are so strong, skilled and knowledgeable. I truly admire you. You are amazing to learn from.
สุดยอดสุดเก่งขนาดผู้ชายบ่างคนอายเลยละๆๆ
I was wondering who film for her or she film herself. She is talent and incredible! I like watching her before I start working and before I go to bed. I really enjoy her cooking, music, and her life. So beautiful 💕
U go ZiQi, don’t ever stop making beautiful videos!!!!!!
亲爱的，您投入了工作，照顾好自己，感谢您所做的出色杰出工作，您是世界七大奇迹之一。继续♥️
มีแต่ของน่ากิน
Seus Vídeos me trazem muita paz!
Chinese don't support other language we want to know the thing
She is such an inspiration. Have you notice, that many people have started uploading videos of their countryside/ village life after Seeing her.
I wish the subtitles were larger and stayed on the screen longer. I feel like I'm missing too much of these wonderful videos.
一条黄瓜很多创意，都是我经常思念的菜肴小美点。视频拍摄得赏心悦目，段落剪接明快，画面添加文字如画龙点睛，温馨的家乡话配上轻快的音乐，喜气怏然，喜欢！
Me fascinan tus videos Lizqi y he aprendido muchísimo contigo, saludos calurosos desde Venezuela
Maravilhoso!!
رائعة
Brave, strong, motivated and very excellent cook!!!
สวยเก่ง
She's got survival skills. She dont need any store bought items. That's amazing.
When ever I feel lazy or need some motivation I just watch her. If she can do it I can do it not as great but I got the job done.
Я все время в восторге от вашего видео🥰.  Смотрю на еду и хочу научиться так готовить, поделитесь рецептами☺️
Diakhir Vidio... Seperti Aisyah yang selalu minum mmentimun dan kurma.. liziq... Memang the best..
Everything in this video is so beautiful❤️
"How can you keep your money & leave there"?
Спокойные ролики, никакой политики, пропаганды и грязи. Спасибо за это вам авторы ролика. 💗
Her love for her grandmother ❤️
If she’s hiring an assistant, sign me up for relocation.
Simply awesome content.
เธอหายไปไหนมาเพิ่งเจออยากเห็นเธอทุกๆวัน
I love your work ❤️
ESTO ES TRABAJO, NO MACANAS!
Oh. I know that kind of mushroom. In my hometown, they appear after rainning season, taste really good ^^
We call it "Nấm mối"
What a beautiful informative video, Thank you for sharing！
She is a dream to watch, i wish i can visit in her place one day, its so greenary. She inspired me as i started believing that knowing your nature is the best gift one can give to themselves and there is no end. This girl have so much of knowledge i really wonder. As others said i too love to watch during bed time😊
Вы просто умница и прелесть❣😍🌸🌺🌸
Conglatuleishon!!! Coisas mais belas inteligente,  maravilha a sincronia com a natureza..... sou fã disso tudo........
Beautiful video now western society only
Like modelling and complaining
she z leading traditional life... just love her❤❤❤
❤️❤️I Love You❤️❤️
everytime she have new video I watch twice :D, 
people asking me : "what you can do?"
people asking liziqi : "what you cant not do?"
:D
她在土地上畫了個心， 11:42 表示對大地給予食物的感恩和敬畏
She drew a heart on the soil, expressing gratitude for the food the earth gave.
What an intelligent beautiful farmer..to first create a fencing of bamboo that she could train rose bushes & cucumber seedlings on!!!  Everything she does is so well thought out & executed!!!!!
Te amo
Cada cantinho tudo bem aproveitado parabéns PrA VC
老李真有两下子.
Какая прелестная девушка. Жалко, что нет русского перевода. Как красиво.
👏👏👏👏excelente, muy crativa, la felicito.
I wish there is Airbnb where we can live for few days in similar environment as Liziqi's home and nature.  That would be a bucket list travel experience~~
I miss you :((
i wish i could go to a place like there.....as a vacation...no tension..realaxation...pure meditation..wah
I am your big fan
Ms Lee...how are you?😍🙋‍♀️❤
You are a first class chef, great gardener, good granddaughter and talented person in many ways. You are a hard worker but you are taking lost of rest, aren't you?
I hope you it's an another happy day for you today.👍😍❤
It's all so perfect. She's a pretty young woman who works hard to make a beautiful life, wears a little make up, just the right clothing and has learned how to market her unique lifestyle. She makes enough food to feed a village, but it's for her and grandma. It's almost too saccharine, but it is pretty. Most of us will watch and glean little from her display. Just an impression of longing to live like this, and hope the soundtrack of our lives will be as aesthetically precious. Only a good mate will complete  her existence. Does Liziqi have room for one?
I love how every time she serves her Grandma first 😍

What an Upbringing Grandma ✊✊
She has a fan for life, beauty, hard work, and a good cook,  WOW!!!
Even plants seems so excited to meet our adorable lady
اتمنى ان تدخلي للاسلام فانت مثال للعمل.🇩🇿
I see that this is an amazing video for people who like to travel abroad, I enjoyed watching this video, what´s more I love to travel, I´ve been in Nicaragua and it´s sad the reality of children there, I am from Bolivia and if you need help or advice, I am here for helping you my friends, and please take into account this: If you come to Bolivia never take this Tour Operator, “Transturin” or “Titicaca Catamarans” because besides being very expensive, the owner betrayed a friend of mine, 1000 dollars in a Scam, besides the service wasn´t good, in the catamarans we found pubic hair, they don´t wash the sheets, and the fish was not fresh, the staff is rude, please don´t make this mistake choosing this operator “Transturin”, in Bolivian Lake Titicaca and prevent your friends..
Legal todos voceis gostei
一排排泥丸子列隊成行
一節節綠竹子緊密築牆…
冰霖盛夏 青瓜姍姍出埸
清涼回眸 遇見子柒姑娘😊

支持中文《XX的一生》系列
Wishing you and your grandmother a happy and healthy chinese new year qi zi.
Que lugar más hermoso bendiciones para las personas que viven ahi
Please come back
Girl..Don't know how you manage a video which takes 2 to 3 months being perfectly picturised in less than 20 minutes 😇💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐😊
😃😃
9:40 You worked very hard. We see your trying through these hands and your beautiful face. Thank you so much for everything, for making my life more soft and restful <3
Fiquei de boca aberta, como você é trabalhadeira , uma senhora cozinheira e lavadoura.  Faz tudo parabéns.
Ależ tu cudnie...❤
I am wondering,who is her cameraman?
🤗🤗🤗 Waooo Tan bonito ese jardin  con vejetales !! Y la comida 😋😋😋.👏👏👏
Missing luzigi
Wow, just when u think you can't get any more impressed....she brings in the bamboo skills...#superwoman
beautifully done, very relaxing
The way she puts the mushroom up to her face for comparison 😂 so cute! That’s something I would do too but wouldn’t be as cute tho 😅
Li Ziqi!  You are a PURE DIAMOND !  I am so happy I found your channel.  Your Love and Understanding of Nature, your NUMEROUS Skills  and TALENTS  are INCREDIBLE! You are So Beautiful and TALENTED.  Hard work brings wonderful fruits. 
I TOTALLY ADMIRE you!
Looks good and healthy cooking she knows exactly what to cook especially cooking for grandma eating vegetables and adding herbs looks delicious well done for looking after your grandma I looked after my dad I’m not a very good cook like you also you are a very hard working woman you got beautiful house and very large land of everything that you can grow well done I love watching it 🌶🍅🌽🥒🍊💐🎋👍
2 nguoi đan đinh co bat toi qhai noi ten ra nghe
Me encantaría esas recetas en español
什么时候回来啊。
She is the model woman I admire, a woman with a good attitude, diligence, admiration. Look at her and I feel driven in life.
The video is so peaceful ❣️
Que lindo isso é demais natureza paz e amor.
Wauuu, ..
She made it look very easy 😍😍
💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝
Душой отдохнула и глазами, смотря на эту девушку, как у неё все спорится в руках, все получается! Какая молодец! Красавица! Как дружненько они с бабушкой, наверно, общаются и кушают весело! Дай бог им здоровья! В первый раз увидела это видео! Попробую ещё посмотреть, если есть! Природа, собачки! Все нравится! Супер!!
Que delícia de comida ,estou com água na BOCA!!
Fico admirada  que vc planta colhe e cozinha
Owow nice you very head worker
Bardzo interesujacy film...Jaka Pani jest pracowita i bardzo czysta.Przesyłam moc pozdrowien.
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 koti कोटि नमन प्रणाम
Umm, I like how she casually made an intricate basket out of a leaf. I honestly wonder if there's anything she can't do....
Love From algeria 🇩🇿♥ carry on wonderful lifestyle
This channel is my soul's therapy.
What a beautiful nature🌿🍃🌿🍃 and hard work girl
Es un sueño de vida... Realmente hermoso...
"I love you/I don`t want you owned by your government"!!!
She is so busy and yet so peaceful 🙏🙏🙏
Lizigi how old are u ❓
Just when you think the show is over. She makes a drink and cheers with grandma
ماشاءالله تبارك الله ❤
Какое счастье, иметь   такую   дома, мечта 💕💕💕❤❤❤💄💄💄💋💋💋👍
Isso, derrube árvores, acabe com o bambu
no seu país, depois não venha dar palpites na 
nossa Amazonia. Ok?
She have a bond with nature🌿🍃
🌲
Me: Uses my jacket because I don't have any basket to be use for my mushroom.

Liziqi: Let's make a basket from the leaf

Me:😲😊
I love watching your vdo ❤ anyways the way you harvested the mushroom is not quite right as it destroys the next year season
Is there anything she can’t grow or do. Her videos are so full of color. 
I would love to have a cookbook by her. Does anyone know if she has one.
I would love to spend some time with her in her world.
รักนะครับ
PIEKNA WRAZLIWOSC NA WSZYSTKO W KAZDYM CALU !
عادي اعيش عندكم😭❤️❤️؟؟
Wow!... You make us Americans look so lazy, I love how you do everything your self I would love to live like this.
Beautiful and good wife to be. No long nails neither long eye lashes; just natural. Gifted hands that can feed thousands. You're a lovely lady. ❤
Ten minutes of watching this amazing woman makes me question my life.
A very peaceful life... Love from Malaysia
The uninterrupted living environment is the most valuable, of course she is so talented.
Mataste a una gallina 🤬
Девочка, вы большая умница !!!!! Обожаю Вас !!!! Всего Вам доброго !!!!
She knew English and she is pretending to be not known,now she will tall talk
When her grandmother dies, everyone will cry with her. Sometimes when I think of death everything becomes so inconsequential. It's sad but then this is life. Much happiness to you and your grandma.
Congratulazioni, ti stato scrivere in Italiano, tutti lavori che li fai con una leggerezza incredibile, sei fantastica, complimenti anche alla nonna🙏😘👍
That morning is the best literally would die to see it just once
Ada orang Indonesia di sini😊
I want to live like this, but my husband didn't want to go rural area. It is very peaceful. I watch her before going to bed. It is so relaxing. Thank for all your hard work to show the other side of the world.
😂
I don't know the story, but I like to imagine she has a nice, quiet and peaceful life there, away from technology, people and all this modern day hustle.
Amazed at your incredible skills.
All that this young lady does is simply astounding..........extraordinary.........
she cute
Linda chica y muy especial; amo China sus tradiciones y su gente 😍😘
She is making very healthy food but that raw non-vege 🤮🤮🤮
I’m seventy years old.
I was cheered up.
I received your advice.
What a fantastic video  you are so creative..
she is doing what my mum did when i was a kid, oh, memories come back...
🖤🖤amazing...you are a very beautiful person...this is life!!
Красивая и хозяйственная !
生活家
實在看她的視頻.内容多又好看看的真过 癮又孝順婆婆真是好女孩能娶到她真是福氣啦!
Aku view sampai habis dan aku lapar
Me: watches a video that requires lots of manual labor,hard work,and efficiency
Also me: on the couch for more than 8 hours
Un estilo de vida perfecto, saludos, 01 marzo 2021
I'm from Kerala,India.I will try your methods of farming 🤩👍
Hon qua qhat ba bao nhieu roi ho co qhai 3trieu 500 tran kh .buoi nay toi qhat la
Naturelle et superbe travail avec un légume si peu connu en Europe.
How to make sushi please
She's so graceful ❤️  Teach me your ways, ma'am 😭
Beautiful video and beautiful village life god gift👌👌
Also your video looooooooooks sooo magical would die to see it twice lol
دايم اذا جيت بنام اتابعها🤍
Молодец, девушка!
16.6 million subscribers  😰😰
Normal people: "Oh no! I forgot my basket, I should go back and get it."
Liziqi: "oh well, guess I'll just whip one up real quick"
Magnificent✨❤️
婆婆的牙口不錯~我從別人的頻道來，看了介紹，我在想，這種影片有什麼好看的，看完之後，就兩個字:真香 ，田園生活沒有這麼美，但您的影片中，我真的感受到別的相似影片中沒有的感覺，謝謝您，我很久沒感覺這麼放鬆了。
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 this is amazing !!
I’m in love with your life! But now it’s time for me to jump in my car, travel 18miles on the motorway and become a veterinary nurse. 
I wish for a simpler more balanced life...
Where are you now miss you
By watching your vidios I'm proud by living at rural areas
Chinesa trabalhadora
She be like -no basket -no problem - I'll just make one quickly
Huge efforts!
The best Foof vlogger that inspiring many people in the world..#RESPECT #Liziqi
😓✨
I've learned many garden tricks from her videos
Beautyfull girll😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
「この動画を撮りながら考えたこと」　（李子柒さんの制作ノートより抜粋）　　　人生一度きり、だからとにかく好きなことで生きていきましょう。　健康であることを前提に、好きなものを食べたり、飲んだりして、日々イキイキと、存分に楽しんで下さい。　　親愛なるあなたよ、家族を愛し、自分にも優しくして下さいね。　健康や体重のことを気にするなら、食事減量やダイエットより、もっと、もっと体を動かせば、きっと悩みは一発解消されるではないでしょうか。
Девушка очень красивая!С перезревшими огурцами я ни чего не поняла ,что в дальнейшем готовят.А варварское отношение к сбору грибам ,меня и у нас злит.
Is she a professional chef? If not, should be🤭 a lot of food there for just her and grandma.
She is beautiful
Her story is very sad, but strong, and she stood alone with her grandmother 💜💜☹
She đis not give her food to the dogs😦🤒
I really admire u liziqi, from india more love to u💓😘🥰
All INDIAN'S hit like and comment🇮🇳🇮jai bharat 🇳
Amazing person cooking awesome
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed ?? 🙋🏻‍♀️
She is so hard working person 🐰
Puramente Gran Arte!
Very good
Absolutely magnificant
The best way for you to be to get 😅😆
Damn I forgot my basket, I’ll just make one
每一道美食都是李子柒獨創文化，看樣子一年365天都有一道菜屬於自己生命力文化氣息氛圍。
Wonderful work
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Can I come for dinner? :) Amazing! She is so talented and so beautiful in so many ways!
Thise what i was wish avery day,
Is no one going to talk about when the mushrooms were torn apart, they looked like CHEESE???
Increíble video.
#Keep going ##Liziqi 😍❤🔝
I-I........what the fuck am I doing with my life?!?!
I learning something from this video thank you the director.
I liked china life but I am Indian girl
She literally doesn't need a man to help her carry heavy stuff but lucky guy who will she fall in love with
👏👏👏👏👏🙏🙏🙏🙏🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Is anyone here a non-chinese and watching her videos with curiousity, at the same time excited and relaxed? come to my village too.
ชอบธรรมชาติ ชอบชีวิตแบบนี้  🥰
Какая милая девочка!
❣❣❣❣
She is a beautiful woman 😍🥰 .. yours videos are awesome and relaxing 😌..💞🐕⚘☘🌱🌿🌾🍱🍜🌄🌕
Опмее при 555а к НГ
She is beautiful in every way.
Woh wat a beatiful cook.n presentation.of food on d plstes great.looking at d food it is mouth watering yummy.keep it up.love to watch yr wounderful video
Keep it coming
Очень интересно.
Hi i am shila i am your big fan i am Bangladeshe
What i love in life is just making things
就是我的爱
Such angels make me realize the one mystery, that this very Earth is heaven, if we could decorate it with our honest crafts.
Lots of Love from Nepal🇳🇵🇳🇵🙏
Me: I want some cucumber for my skincare
Liziqi: first, chop bamboo
Whoever's going to be able to marry this beautiful and capable woman should be so proud to have a wife like her.  Amazing life might I add.
誰能嫁給這個美麗能幹的女人，誰就應該為有像她這樣的妻子而自豪。 令人欣賞,
嫉妒的好生活
11:46 what are she writes on the ground?
nona parasnya cantik dan pandai memasak, sungguh sangat luar biasa, 😘
Thoi đuoc roi .nghin duoc roi gio toi qhat ne
Just imagine how tired she is to wash all the dishes 😩
13:50 - 14:00 Did anyone notice how cleverly she showed us the sky, followed by the chicken's, then you hear a chicken 🐔 being caught, it's neck being wrung and then see her cleaning/cutting up/cooking the chicken, lmbo lol 😂. Ahhh....man, I love this channel & Liziqi! 💻🖤🍗🥚
12.20 when liziqi's hands full with stuff so she closed the door with a cute way 😂
Красотища!!!
Ничего себе аппетит у девчонок!)))
嗨！子柒妳進天再忙什麽呢？回台灣快來支援我整理工廠趕快來看看吧！
Hermoso
Nice supparr
I swear, this woman is now my idea of Artemis and no one can tell me she isnt
子柒真是文武双全連播種子都很細心真的看她的視頻是一種享受。
AMAZING!!!!!!!  :  )
鶏を殺す所は少し野蛮。
仔犬を散歩させながら歩いてる様は天使か妖精のようだ
I visit your home 🙂 what can i do sister?
I swear even those mud balls look delicious! :D
Very good. ❤️❤️❤️
已经成为农业家了.而且多了一份诗意.谢谢!
I am Bangladeshi
same goal brought me here uplift and inspired others by music , keep on inspiring other and touched people lives
ที่รักครับ
“一语天然万古新，豪华落尽见真淳”这句诗是评价田园诗人陶渊明的，而你是新的“田园诗人”
the dishes look so delicious
Want to be like her but feels so lazy to even move out from bed... 😁
希望越走越好，大山妹子永不凋零
Ước mơ có tiền rồi sống một cuộc sống như chị này .
我知道上帝创造你，对你有美好的旨意，我盼望你也跟我一样可得到上帝的祝福，因上帝主耶稣基督爱我也一样爱你。
上帝主耶稣也希望把永生赐给你。
你开口出声做个简短的祷告，好吗？
开口出声真诚地念就好了：
“ 上帝主耶稣基督，我信你是耶和华神的独生子。因为世人的罪无辜被钉死在十字架上。你才是真神，死了三天又复活升天，如今就坐在神的右边。感谢您为我死！我现在打开我的心门，接受您做我的救主。求您拯救我的灵魂不死，使我得到永生。圣灵:请你用圣灵的火为我施洗! 圣灵，也请你进来我生命，来带领我，掌管我保护我一生！请你赦免我的罪，赐给我智慧的灵，启示的灵，主耶稣基督，请用圣灵的恩膏能力膏抹我，谢谢主耶稣！奉耶稣基督的名祷告，阿门！”
Soooooooo Relaxing.. 😌
Toi gioi roi
when she went to the mountains to pick mushrooms..
me: she didnt bring her basket
Ziqi: *makes basket using leaves*

didnt bring what again?! ~
Beautiful nature in forest
This Chinese girl living in Sichuan, so beautiful, love it 😍
🐟⚽🐱
What kind of knife is that you use? Please help. I would like to purchase one. Great video. Thank you. 😄✨
"Are you really sure/There is no going back(What you want to do even some major corporations couldn`t accomplish)"?
When i read The News of Her., when she was child, Its so sad story, The Little girl with No Parents, luckily Her Grand Ma and Grand Pa Take care of Her Since she was very Little., Stay in The Village., and The Grand Pa was a very good Chef in that Village., and that talent also was inherited to Little child Li., Wich 20 Years later arround The World Watching 🤝🤝🤝
This is awesome.
If I have to live those types of beautiful life😔 when i am dreaming about everything then I realized I don't have money  and  family, society and relatives control my life remote
Good. Farmer. My. 🇮🇳
U r so beautiful and also your work
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Toi roi chuc nua toi qhat nua
躺在柔軟的土丸子上長大，再攀上精製竹架開花結瓜…黄瓜表示：這一生真沒白活🍀
Look good and spicey would love that 😄😄😍💖
whaaaat...made a basket from those leaves..😳

nd i was wasting my time thinking abt how she's gonna carry all those mushrooms😌
Waoo so peaceful.and beautiful life.
Pretty scenery, pretty food, pretty lady, my eyes thank you
Nice didi
I think Shee live most beautiful life in the world ❤️❤️❤️❤️
"Are you sure/Your government won`t take all of your money(Or put you in prison)"?
Liziqi's quarantine:


Mine:
Wake up , Phone , Eat , Sleep

And that's my day
Bom dia 👏👏👏❤💙🌻😍😍
Such a great hardwork...
তোমাকে আমার খুব ভালো লাগে
She looks so perfect and cute
All 😂 want lived good
≪李子柒关于本视频的创作笔记≫ “Li Ziqi's creative notes about this video”　　　夏天的味道是什么样的呢？早晨起床后呼吸的第一口新鲜空气，“凉飕飕，湿漉漉，混合着泥土和满院子各种植物的清香“。这是助理给我的回答，好像还真是这么回事……春节后在家闲着也是闲着，把院子另外三面的外围墙也铺了竹栅栏，去年过年只围了里面嘛。竹子是过年前砍的，晾了个把月吧没记错的话。别问我为啥放了一个月的竹子为什么还是绿的，我…确实不晓得咋回答。
 
围这个竹排，去年也是研究了很久最后选择用膨胀螺丝，打进砖墙拧紧。选细长的竹竿做横条子，稍微拿铁丝暂时固定，等到一根根竹子平铺满墙面之后再拿钳子拧紧，看着麻烦，做出来效果还真的蛮好看的。后面陆续移栽了些月季 三角梅 铁线莲，还栽了好多黄瓜和丝瓜。
 
黄瓜育苗还是用的我们这边老式的”下蛋子“，育苗 移栽 打架 开花 瓜果 成熟。院子里里外外的围墙，都被我种了黄瓜丝瓜啥的。外围墙的花刚移栽，今年肯定爬不满竹栅栏，所以牵一些绿色藤蔓上去，也不至于光秃秃。
 
黄瓜熟了一个多月有了吧，水果黄瓜已经化藤。前一段时间不是在忙活麦子 油菜的视频嘛，没时间拍。现在都只有这种晚一点的本地黄瓜，大的小的摘了些晒了黄瓜皮，黄瓜洗干净对半切去籽切厚片，用盐腌渍出瓜肉里的水份，晒干后装坛子保存。


我以前在一家湘菜馆当服务员的时候啊，那里有一道菜，叫”黄瓜皮炒腊肉“，很多来的人都说很好吃，很下饭。我清楚的记得价格，那是2005年吧，16块钱一份，那时候我一个月工资是300块。也不会舍得拿一天半的工资去点菜的，哈哈…反正就是记得很清楚，是记忆里欠缺的味道吧，这次做了，也就圆梦了。
 
小暑过后，几场夏雨落下，又到了满林子 田地 鸡枞刷刷往外冒的时候。试探性的上山看了看，满山五颜六色的野生菌探着可爱小脑袋，陪刚蜕壳的蝉子一起宣告夏天。闷 湿热 满山都是凶猛的露水蚊子，得亏穿着长衣长裤，还好真撞到了两窝超级多的鸡枞群，安慰一下助理被蚊子咬了3个大包的脑门。
没拿工具，折了树枝勉强撬的起来，没拿篮子，还好林子里有棕树叶子，临时凑活一下，不然就得用衣服兜着走啦。
 
鸡枞菌我们这一般用南瓜叶洗，叶子上的小毛刺可以擦干净鸡枞表面的泥尘。洗净的鸡枞把菌伞和菌把分别撕小块，先把开伞的部分放油里慢慢炸，因为这部分水份多留一点嘛。随后可以放一些姜丝 辣椒 花椒什么的进去，等到菌伞炸到开始脱水的时候放伞把和盐，熬到鸡纵菌脱水70%左右的时候我觉得就成了，太干的话口感不好，也嚼不动。熬好的鸡枞油简直一绝，吃面 凉拌菜 炒菜啥的，说是神仙美味一点也不过分。
 
黄瓜皮泡发后切细丝，配上腊肉丝随便炒炒都很香，确实无敌下饭，对得起我记了这么多年啊，哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈。用熬好的鸡枞油陪着黄瓜，荞麦面。炖了只鸡，取了鸡肉丝，做了个鸡丝凉面，夏天不就是好这一口嘛！！！
 
鸡枞还剩了些，切了点鸡枞块配上黄瓜丁和腊肠，把前晚上的剩干饭炒一炒，黄瓜的清香配上鸡纵菌的那一口鲜，炒饭清香扑鼻又刚好综合掉腊肠的一点油腻，我是一个人可以吃完那一盆你别不信！！
 
酱黄瓜，也是头两天做的，嫩绿的青瓜对半切拿盐杀掉水份，之后晾干表面水份。辣椒 花椒 八角 茴香熬一锅香料汤，煮开后放酱油 白酒 盐 白糖，煮一煮放凉。把盐杀过的嫩瓜条放进去腌渍，还可以自己放点生姜 辣椒啥的，一般腌个两三天比较好吃，尽量一个礼拜内吃完，这个是属于短保的美味。 
 
就着这个酱黄瓜做了个鸡肉手卷，那么简单就不废话了。最后还有一些黄瓜皮，和猪肉剁在一起煮了个黄瓜皮肉丸子汤，太太太太好吃了。香香的肉丸一口咬下去，黄瓜皮有一点脆弹脆弹的。这个肉丸子做法来自我以前吃过的“贡菜肉丸”，脆脆的 香香的。 汤头是熬的奶白的鸡汤，再放一点清香的黄瓜片，撕2柳鸡枞。这一顿鲜香，吃过几天了现在打字还咽口水，也就这点出息了吧。
 
可是，就活这一辈子啊。在健康的前提下，想吃就吃，想喝就喝，想乐就乐……过好每一天。
所以，我亲爱的你们。好好爱自己，爱家人，对自己好一点。别动不动就是减肥！减啥肥啊！多动点不就完了吗？
 
我也……有点迷，扯到减肥去了，可还行。今儿就这样吧！助理他们还在等我拍东西！赶着把小作文写完。
就这样啦，么么哒～～～～强行！！！
.
（转自b站）　　
.
.　（也请诸位翻译大佬们大显身手吧！）
Perfection...👍👍👍👍
Você  é  fantástica.
Lanh toi qhat hoi nhe .lanh sao toi qhat nang ganh trieu nghe
So artistic!!!
Hen gap ba chieu nay hoac la ngay mai nhe
小仙女又干活呢。真像个干活老手。手受伤了要小心呀，干活不要穿拖鞋，也容易受伤。祝你快乐。
Enak bangettt masakannya
മലയാളികൾ ഇവിടെ c'mon. 
One of d best youtubers❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You and your grandma are so cute! It makes me feel good to watch you eat a meal together. Thank you for sharing these moments with me.
Nossa pra mim é um paraíso, viver assim ligado com a natureza é maravilhoso, saber usar na culinária é divino, adoro assistir. Obrigada
Con toi cam thay kh vui mot chuc nao ca .
I can feel the peace given by nature from the video.
Pengen tetanggan deh
I’m sorry but the moment when she closed the gates with her bum was ICONIC 12:21
Since I started watching this genius woman, I've been really bummed that we can't grow bamboo in Europe. I want a bamboo forest right outside my house, too.
Desde Uruguay : Felicitaciones!!! Sería posible la traducción ? Gracias ! !! Por compartir  hermoso trabajo
From Indonesia🗿
Looks so delicious cooking either with fresh or fermented cucumbers! Love them all,😋😋
Co le toi se qhat may nguoi kia hoac la ngay nay hoac la mai
Her: wakes up at like what 5,6 AM idk and starts working
Me:wakes up at 12PM, grab a snack and went back to sleep like what did I even do. I feel like I don't even deserve to drink water thinking the way I spent my time in quarantine 😂lol
Eu amo assistir seus videos fico me imaginando um dia ter a graca de conhecer vc e este lugar tao lindo!!!
такая молодец восхищаюсь этой девушкой
我很喜歡看您的視頻。
但是我也很擔心，看到您摘野姑來作菜？
萬一中毒了，怎麼辦？我們怕再也看不到妳的視頻了？誰來照顧妳的奶奶呢？
常常看到妳的一些創意料理，但是我很擔心，有些東西混在一起煮，很容易中毒⋯？
因我曾經化學中毒過，醫生都束手無策？
走過死蔭幽谷，是上帝救了我，給我再一次生命的機會。所以我很珍惜健康的每一天。
所以請您務必珍惜您的健康。這樣我們才有福氣，能一直看到您的視頻。謝謝您！
願上帝賜福與您！
This type of mushroom in Thailand is known as a mushroom or termite mushroom. That is, add the mushrooms to salt and set aside for 1 night. Then mixed with water to boil to boil to eat or cut shallots Fresh chili is even more delicious. This method preserves the boiled food and put it in the refrigerator for a long time
做農作穿雨鞋較安全
I don't know who's more beautiful, Ziqi or her hometown.
You are so creative! He brings me happiness that there’s a human being in the world like you.
I'm also on this way, bless me. Only difference I'm vegetarian. 
Singh from Punjab, India
Adoro seus videos su determinacai de fazer mudas e plantar
Adem banget liat ini.. wanita idaman sekali
Hon qua ve nha chui đa chua ho
You are intelligent
Cooking. Farming. Garding
Artitack.Bahot Badhiya.🙏🎉
Y are so cute Beautiful ❣️❣️🙏🎉👍
"Guess what I am looking at right now"?
I thought she's really living on Heaven:"
Как мужик, все сама  делает
Деревенский уклад жизни, не то что городская суета ;)
Hon qua la 68 trieu 500 tran + voi ngay hon nay la 27 trieu vay la bao nhieu =..............? Bao nhieu ba mui
Beautiful
forever
This channel recently been having A Lot of adds. I am hoping that the monetary incentives goes to Lizi Qi not to somebody else
一个视频做了两天三夜，想了四种思路换了五种文案，经过六次重写七推八敲九回修改，十分艰难！
I miss you.
Wow she can do everything.
No words
I want to eat her food. It looks so delicious. How can you manage everything? God bless you. Love from Bangladesh.
the way she killed the chicken with blurred but make it “aesthetic” 🤣 the chicken’s screaming tho.
This is actual life
Can’t believe she used to be a DJ in Beijing few years ago
Love you Liziqi...I am also a grandma. Your grandma is so proud of you...your cooking is so good it’s makes me hungry. I start watching your channel. I love every bet of your video...so inspiring thank you.
She can do everything that's amazing
So much love from Việt Nam
Cat nguoi toi đung vui ha
I love how good she treats Grandma
美
When she was going to married in the future, I swear to God that if the man mistreated her, our fans club will gather and sure wreck him up.
watching while reading comments.  .. inspire me to make my own garden when I go back home..thank you so much lady
Hi Liziqi...I wish I was also born in your family....I love to work in land and be with nature like you....you know all kind of works....you are a master mind...love you...❤️❤️❤️
successful others believe her
I’ve just started watching you and I must say you inspire me to have self love. I don’t know why that’s what I get when I watch your videos. This world is stressful enough and you’ve shown that you have to fin what you want to do and you’ll find yourself in the process.
Ta qhap hien co đan ong chui ta hoi hon qua
bro she big flexing on us first she makes a basket out of leaves then she's opening the egg with 1 hand and THEN she's flipping the pancake.
Eres increíble.¡¡ Cuanta sabiduría es impresionante!! . Gracias por compartir. 😘😘
Who else watch' her videos makes feel so calm ❤️
Nho an cai gi nghe em yeu
Her husband must be so lucky to have a perfect wife like her ♥️♥️i appreciate liziqi's talent in cooking ..
漂亮
Those who disliked her videos are disliked with their lives and don’t know how to be happy or share happiness with anyone. GO AWAY! We don’t want you here! High Kick! Bye Bye ! Peace!
認真做事的人真的很有魅力。
Bismillah
Me : what's the theme?
Baby Qi : life to the fullest
Me :🍒 for cherish the day :)...YOLO.

Hope everyone in this world find their own way to respect life :)...
She makes that place beautifully. Because she planting more trees 🌳 plants 💐 🌹 🌸 . I never see in my life places like these.
No se como llegué aquí pero me encantan estos videos 😻
Are you Norian✍️
Amei esse vídeo. Quero fazer uma horta assim. Tenho as taquaras aqui em casa. Obrigada por compartilhar essa bela inspiração.
เธอสวย เธอเก่ง อยากได้ภรรยาอย่างนี้ จะรักเธอมากมาย
2019: all world look for indian guy build underground pool
2020: all world look for Chinese girls's everyday life
Hi, you are such an experienced cook, with huge knowledge of recepues and therefore cooking. To which region of Chins does these recepies belong to. 
Thank you. Do you cook these in a restaurant as well? It is also amazing to see that you are also highly experienced with gardening &  respective other works.
Pls take care and stay healthy.
Nedim
Nossa que encanto. Como é essencialo cuidado com a mãe natureza. Ela nos fornece tudo. Um dos vídeos mais lindos que já vi.
Cheer hahha.
I get hungry every time she cooks!  And she takes such wonderful care of her grandmother!
Вы замужем? Дети есть?
Oh, no basket. Ah, just gimme a minute or two! 
These videos are more interesting and satisfying to me than feature movies.
Love you, love country,love life style,love natural,love everything
Liziqi...I love you. Strong, confident, courageous, beautiful, independent, a woman in every sense of the word.
sayang dlm rumahnya tdk di tunjukkan
You are truly magnificent ❤ 
Smart and beautiful  inside and out. I'm a true fan and love what you do and how you live your life. My God smile down at you and bless you everyday.
Mick from Hawaii.
Luc nao noi đen la toi đau co gi đau
She is seems to be a hard worker.
Puxa que mulher trabalhadeira...lugar lindo... parabéns pelo vídeo...coloca legenda em português por favor .. abraços do Brasil
So beautiful, So genius,
So creative, So inspiring,
So delightful, So innovative,
So professional, So precious,
Just magnificent and unbelievable, GOD bless you and your grandma.
Wow Lot of things in one video, loved it ❤️
Какой чудесный фильм! Девушка актриса просто прелесть! Атмосфера идиллии в деревне. И блюда все такие аппетитные! Спасибо авторам этого прекрасного творения! Смотрю уже несколько выпусков. Китайцы молодцы!
rip chicken
Simple life is always great 👍🏻 ❤️
Đau roi .co tien roi em
I wish I had the skill to weave a basket out of leaves in the mountains 🤩 amazing as always!
You are simply Magical LiZiqi!! You have magic in your hands 🙌🏻!!! I love your videos and what u do !!! It’s like meditation 🧘‍♀️😍😇.
An amazingly beautiful life!
15.01.22..🥶💖💖
Que moça dedicada parabéns.🇧🇷
🐔🐓😢😢😢😢😢
My god how can a single person can do anything. I really really like her so much. She is so creative that she can do anything. She knows how to cook, make her own clothes and a lot of things. I just can just write a whole book of her creativity 
. How creative she is god bless her and the people looking this comment also god bless you and your family.
Her garden have everything you need I hope one day I can go see her garden
She's so industrious, all I do is sit & watch her videos,, though having my work piled up. Wonder if somebody like her really exists.
Master
The real beauty of this video starts in 10:20, with the exquisite photography and other sights and sounds coming in rapid succession. Superb work!
เธอเก่งมาก
A lot of my family in Italy live in the mountains or countryside, so when I visit it’s amazing to help grow, store and prep all the meals x these videos are great for educating people 🥰
Que vida tan hermosa en armonía con la naturaleza!!
其实我看她视频看的不多，我更愿意看户外露营的视频。  但是呢，作为华人我一定要支持她一下。她是华人油管自媒体的骄傲
Your channel is so peaceful.. I love it wow🥰
Love ❤️ being good to grandma
Binh thuong thoi kg gi đau
I like her videos and I am so surprised, how she can make so hard work. The nature and she is beautifull.
She can very good cooking.
I like this way of live.
Hon nay đuoc 13 trieu nghe ba mui
Gosh I'm completely lost for words. Your style, ingenuity, passion and skills for a woman are mind blowing.  How can one woman out shine such a multitude of men. I wish I could have the opportunity to be in the company of a woman like you. To be a helping hand in everything that you do. It would bring such joy to my  heart. Keep up the good work. The world needs more like you.
Thank you!  So enjoyable and much hard work too.
Why r her videos sooo addicting and satisfying  🥺❣️
No entiendo no se ni inglés ni chino 🤷‍♀️,lo siento
She is so amazing and talented
Beutiful shering vidio
I feel so refreshed when watching liziqi videos~
Liziqi is and angel on earth, an earth angel.  Grace, beauty, compassion and kindness .
The flour being used for the wrap, is it cornstarch or all purpose flour. I would really love it if you would add English subtitles to your videos. That would make them perfect... 👌 I dont get tired of watching them.
Ukulele and then go to the gym for 股么这么厉害么
Waw...... amazing, kehidupan yang begitu asri,masakan yang nampak menyelerakan,kebun yang subur,begitu sempurna,serba serbi bisa.
🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
OMG, it's just something amazing. There is no words to say. She spends her every day in a happiest way, living life to the fullest 😍🥰😘
這是寶有野生的菇真棒！免疫高質食物，太棒了!
Я просто очарована красотой красивой хозяйки и возможностью  всё увидеть!!! Хозяюшка с Большой Буквы! Мастерица на все руки! Дай Бог вам здоровья и благополучия, семейного счастья! Пусть у вас всегда всё получается! Благодарю вас от чистого сердца за умение и талант быть женщиной!!! Браво!
Hola deberías de hacer más vídeos me gusta mucho verlos te veo desde la ciudad de México
What are you ?! I’m soooo impressed by the level of awesomeness on all levels !
บ้านค่อยเอินเห็ดปลวก
My godness, she is so Talented, everything is just perfect, i love. Long life for your family, you and grandma.
И швец и жнец и на дуде игрец! А мужики то , где? Или им заподло руки приложить?
Another 20 minutes of pure bliss! Thank you! <3
Seneng banget liatnya😊
Bener2 kegiatan sehari2,dan mbaknya ini kaya ngga ada capeknya hlo
What a treasure this woman is! 😍
شكلو بس انا عربية
Esa hija es especial y su abuelita muy buena come de todo!!!!
Tôi yêu bạn
加油，李子柒，不要在意旁人的眼光，做好自己，你已经很棒了！支持你，继续做下去。
Молодчина !   Прекрасная хозяюшка.Мастерица. Нет слов..
Wow esta mujer hace de todo... es tannn talentosa 😊😊😍🤩🤩
1760万的订阅，哇😯😯😯😯哇😯
You’re amazing.  How can you do all of that?  Fantastic.
Why you are not posting any videos
Браво оператору! Очень красивые кадры! Снято с большой любовью к окружающему миру!
Какие же трудолюбивые!!! И умелые на все руки!
seeing how beautiful it all is almost makes me want to cry. i mean god damn it's hard work, but i would give anything for a life that peaceful and fulfilling...
Excelente, utilización de recursos, autosostenible,desde Colombia muchas felicitaciones
i love your all the videos :background ,quality ,the way of making  and all . Also i love you
Thanks. Effect 
My Body left near shoulder head knee.
Good 
Maybe Satisfied.
Why are you so creative? I'm jealous 😭
Are you married 👰‍♀️🌷?????????????
I feel peaceful watching your video. That’s my dream having a house near the mountain with wide garder. I am your fan from Indonesia.
while i believe the set-up to a certain extent acted (no-one can manage that many crops alone), I do admire her dexterity (holding a chicken between chopsticks!) and cooking nous
Always love your videos.. From USA ❤️
O ben nay hay mat mang qua ben em co kg
That basket designed is so beautiful with that green colour 🤩
Very nests uoyr video
Talented, hard working and truely taking care of nature. If only everyone just does something good to nature, not just talking about it. I am planting some herbs and tomatoes and will continue to plant trees.
Like your video , Educational never to old to learn others life style , lot of vegetables meat peppers but l like how you fixed , Thank You , if there was a rating nothing below 100 😇😊♥️😍
Adoro ver esses videos ela e perfeita ...que cultura linda.
Why..where are you...(form Thailand)....see you..
i need a life as liziqi♥️♥️♥️♥️peaceful and satisfying🥰😍much love from srilanka🇱🇰
我喜歡這個視頻，但質量很差
In Gulin, I had spicy Chinese food and delicious pickles something like this. China has 100s of cuisine types that are virtually unknown outside the country. Best food in the world, imo.
ماشاء الله تبارك الله .. تعلمنا الاكتفاء الذاتي والاعتماد على أنفسنا بكل شيئ.. سبحان من علم الإنسان مالم يعلم 👍👍
I m from india and I love that how u made everything just in seconds. Grow every vegetables with patience. And doing everything; hardwork and all .
U inspire me .thnx for the great videos.
Her granny will be  long-living as the food is so healthy and organic. She is taking care of her very well. I realise she doesn't have very fancy cookware, but the knives seem very handy in her hand. Bravo!
BGM is so soothing and melodic with ambience of rustic feel and an oriental beauty with her finest meal!!!😉😋🍃🍃
Is she Chinese?? But in china youtube is not allowed
Bravo magnifiques ce travail(cette nourriture est splendide)bise
Ap bhut achi ho
Какая она орошенькая, она шьёт, строит ограды, она замечательный человек!!! 🥰🥰🥰
Que rico cultivar así,súper.👏👏👏👏
Asombroso todo lo que se puede transmitir sin mediar palabras!!
3 nguoi đinh thanh hang len nghe
Muy impresionante todo lo q ustedes hacen mis respetos quisiera ser agricultor como ella
Uh .chuc nua đi nghe moi su ha
What a wonderful young woman! And what a wonderful life! So loving, respectful,  and so skillfull!
太美好了 希望三十年后 我也能回归田园 去小樽的乡下买一栋房子 冬天去小樽看雪 煮咖啡 熬汤 做蛋糕 夏天回农村乡下 听蝉鸣 看星空
You are remarkable, in every sense! 👏👏
i like you but i love you
Me gusta mucho sus videos y que todo es un paraís, me encanta como es muy trabajadora. Y si me puede dar la receta de la especies que usa. Me gusta que es muy creativa. Y también que tiene buen corazón porque siempre cuida de su abuelita. Lo felicito.
Xong roi ra ngoai kia . Toi ba ky đau
She went picking mushrooms, needed a basket, and took some leaves and did her magic. I wonder how long it took her to learn this skill
She is amazing girl, I love her 😘
This video makes me respect life. I feel like I have never understood it before.
Какая прекрасная девушка!!! Как красиво в вашей стране!!!
Y yo sufriendo por un invernadero🎉😬😂🤣 you’re a talented young Woman Ms. Li Ziqi
Китайская сказка.
Maravilhosa
2 thanh may chui hay lanh do ha
I admire her alot she’s working so hard and at same time very beautiful ❤️..i know some of you agree with me she’s working hard more than other lazy man
So inspiring. I want a wife like this? Maybe i will be a husband like this and meet her in the wilderness?
Harika videolarınız sıkılmadan izliyorum maaşallah çok beceriklisiniz sıkı takipçimizin❤️❤️❤️👍👍
Len ba đoi mat voi ba mui đi nhe
Lizqi.. how wonderful if your grandpa still arround.. can you please film the story of your childhood and your life before all these happened?
Có ai VietNam không
If technology didn't evolve, humans are most likely be living Liziqi's life right now.
God I want to try everything she cooks, I don't care if they're super spicy, I can handle it, I need it all
Nice clips and the scenery wonderful !
Tông công hêt trom la đuoc 700 tran 8 trieu 500 tran ngan nghe ba mui
She makes a lot of work look so easy.
踩的鸡枞菌吧？
Because of her, I've got an idea of building my home in the farm 😍
Elle est belle dans tout le sens du terme : belle physiquement, belle de cœur ( il ne reste plus beaucoup de personnes qui choie ses parents), belle de courage !
What a magical lady, makes wonders all around her home sweet home, watching this video is so relaxing , thanks for sharing this video and new ideas of recipe's, 😘 .
Beautiful place❣️
Te mando un fuerte abrazo te veo desde la ciudad de México
太假了，農夫沒這麼好當，騙騙外行人
That's a LOT of food for just you & grandma! 
WOW that chilled buckwheat noodle dish looks phenom! 
Will make my own mushroom oil but will be buying fungi from the fancy supermarket not foraging LOL.
Camera  နောက်ကွယ်က ဘယ်သူတွေများပါလိမ့်🙄😛
Such an inspiring woman! Just discovered your channel, and couldn't resist to the subscribe button! 😍
Liziqi makes everything look so easy but thats a life of hard work. I have a vegetable garden thats the size of a shoebox compared to hers and it kicks my butt.
Really appreciate your job and I will pray for myself because of my future wife like u
America wants to know😔where are you????jesus luvs you    We really miss
I reaally adore this wonderful woman! such a strong and pretty but good cook! i wish i was you!
这种吃法，还要保持苗条的身材，骗鬼吗 ？看个热闹而已！
I am reading Chinese light novel right now titled Fields of Gold which the story about woman who transmigrated into a girl in rural ancient China.

The problem is I can't imagine how the look of the main character, Yu Xiaocao, and the surrounding. But now I can use you and your video as an image to help me to be more immersed into the story.
Really u are living in a heaven ❣️
14 million subscribers and 26 million views, that's quality 😍
Это Китай, или Япония.
What did you do today?
Me: worked, dishes, laundry, fixed supper, and swept the front porch

Liziqi: hold my beer....💪💪

You motivate me everyday!
她好累！
Everyone saying they want this life. The environmental beautiful surrounding there is not easy. The trees the farms the life stalk everything thats beautiful requires lot of labour work on a daily basis in order to maintain it. Laziness will only ruin it. The things she does looks easy on our eyes because she is professional at what she does. Don't fool your self inorder to live this live it requires certain decipline and wisdom. Take a first step and keep a pet dog first it will take a toll on you and your responsibility taking care of it. My simple message to you is the best thing in life are the most hardest and sophisticated thing. Good luck to you all those who live the life of dedication and decipline you are the ones who will succeed on what you set out to do. Thank you people for giving your best. Libe on life it's worth it (it's beautiful).
She inspired me to shoot video of me!
Love from Philippines
So beautiful
Love it
At the almost end part of this video, the way her grandma looked at her thats called a pure love 💕
Beautifully pictured❤️
Amazing,  I wonder how she gets enough money to buy those gardening and cooking equipment.  I never see how she gets it in all her videos, to support her and her grandma.
Toi 2 thanh kia len đoi mat voi ba mui chua
What a peaceful dinner with the rain, so warm feelings
Lǎoshí shuō, wǒ kěndìng huì huā dàqián ràng tā kànzhe tā zhǔnbèi yī dùn měicān, ránhòu bāngzhù tā chī.
Супер семка видео!!! Красота невероятная!!! Благодарю вас 🌹 благодарю 🌹
She is very hardworking
God bless her
Eres un creíble se ve tan delicioso todo lo que cosinas
Bo em tha thu cho ba kia qhai kg .toi kg bao gioi tha thu cho ba đau
Mega schönes Video :-)
Хочу туди
神，什麼都會，劈竹蓋房，樣樣精灒，淋漓盡致，完美無缺，人間聖人，是真人真事，是寶貝。
Чудненький забор!
Dios es tan maravilloso y su creación ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Is it  Japanese  or chines
No me canso de ver tus videos tus flores tu abuela tu comidas tan ricas
今天我去高雄市辦事！辦好中翻印尼文！今天發了$4100手續費用！
If there is such a thing as the perfect woman look no further here she is.
I'm dying to drink from that running ASMR fresh water!
Очень люблю Ваши видео. После них так спокойно на душе. Спасибо за Ваш труд.
Beautiful Video, color and high quality.  She is amazing
QUE HABILIDADE PARABÉNS GAROTA
Em yeu an sang chua em yeu
i wish i could do what she does amazing
I don't like u kill enocent animals love nature nd every speeches
She makes so many amazing dishes i will actually forget what she made while i'm even watching 😐
How does she knows all these menus.. she is so talented ! Wow!
Thank u so much for u. Love u too🥰🥰. I have not saw a beautiful village  like yours
Imagine how many video drafts she has on her flashdrive, all waiting months before they are conpleted.
ı'am to faint😊😉
If this girl and this place really exist, then there is no imagination or impossible 🌹🍀🌻
Tanta comida
This is first time I'm watching her video, and I realised that probably I'm gonna watch all her videos
Parabéns TUDO r muito bonito
I just want to go there n stay with her 4 ever... It's really my heartly wish
Hon 8g toi moi qhat ba nghe
So delicious  and mouth watering food...
Ba mui hon duoc 600 tran 65 trieu nghe ba mui hon nay la
she is so skillful, hardworker, talented, charming and beautiful.
Me: oh no I forgot my grocery bag 

Lizqi: makes a basket out of leaves
Is there anything this girl can’t do ? She is amazing!
The mountain at 5:31 looks like a hidden pyramid. The stone stairs at 11:47 looks ancient too 🧐
李子柒太棒了好羡慕你做了美食。太好吃了流口水了。
Ba kia ta nhanh qhat ve minh le len nao
Que moça linda!!! 😀
Em yeu oi an sang chua em yeu
You do everything like a mother taking care of her child
ฉันชอบดูวิดีโอนี้มากดูทุกแบบ บรรยากาศ วิว การทำทุกๆอย่าง ตัวนักแสดงน่ารักดีดูเธอคล่องแคล่วไปหมดชอบมากเลยค่ะ
Beautiful and lovely family
Chieu toi tôi se qhat nhe .con kh toi qhat nang ganh trieu ha
It made my day😍😍😍
Wǒ zhēn de ài nǐ! Zhēnchéng de zhùfú
*** zǎoqí shēnghuó
Ly Tu That chūshēng yú zhōngguó sìchuān de yīgè hànzú jiātíng. Tā de fùmǔ hěn kuài jiù líhūnle, tā de fùqīn hěn kuài jiù qùshìle, tā hé jìmǔ yīqǐ shēnghuó bìng shòudào nüèdài. Zǔfùmǔ fāxiàn bù kěnéng bǎ tā dài huí xiāngxià yīqǐ shēnghuó. Dāng tā xuéxí dào wǔ niánjí shí, tā qùshìle, tā yīgè rén wúfǎ jìxù fǔyǎng tā jìxù xuéxí. 14 Suì nà nián, tā chuòxué jìn chéng dǎgōng, zài chéng lǐ liúlàngle 8 nián. Zài jìnrù zì méitǐ lǐngyù zhīqián, tā jīnglìle fúwùyuán,DJ, yúlè jùlèbù, gēshǒu, cháshì, jiǔbā, jiǔguǎn děng duō gè zhíyè. 2012 Nián, tā bìng zhòng, yīnwèi yào zhàogù wàipó, xiàdìng juéxīn yào huílǎojiā. Ránhòu, wèile móushēng, tā zài táobǎo wǎngzhàn shàng kāile yījiā mài nóngchǎnpǐn de shāngdiàn.
Zhíyè
2015 nián, wèile xuānchuán diàn lǐ de nóngchǎnpǐn, lǐ tú nà tīngcóngle biǎojiě de jiànyì, kāishǐ zài měi pāi APP shàng fābù duǎn shìpín, zìjǐ pāishè, dǎoyǎn, yǎnxì, yǎnxì, shìpín jiǎnjí piānxiàng yú lǎozìhao càipǐn. Zǎoqí, tā de shìpín zhìzuò bǐjiào kùnnán. Jǐnguǎn tā yǒu chuàngzào lì, dàn tā de shìpín réngrán quēfá shìjué chōngjí lì. Dào 2016 nián, shìpín “táohuā jiǔ”(táohuā jiǔ, táohuā jiǔ) bèi mǒu duǎn shìpín píngtái CEO diǎn zàn, yīncǐ bèi fàng zài shǒuyè dǐngbù, yǐnqǐle hěnduō rén de guānzhù. Tā de Youtube píndào chénglì yú 2017 nián 8 yuè, guānkàn cìshù zuìduō de shìpín shì “niánhuò xiǎo língshí tèjí”, diǎn jí liàng 6600 wàn.
 
2020 Nián 5 yuè,Ly Tu That chéngwéi dì yīgè yǒngyǒu 1000 wàn dìngyuè zhě de zhōngguó YouTube yònghù. Tóngshí, zì kāitōng yǐlái, jǐn yòngle 2 nián 4 gè yuè jiù dádàole zhè yī lǐchéngbēi, chāoyuèle PewDiePie chuàngxià de 4 nián 21 tiān de jìlù, chéngwéi zuì kuài dádào 1000 wàn dìngyuè liàng de Youtuber.
 
Jǐnguǎn YouTube zài zhōngguó dàlù bèi zhèngshìpíngbì, dàn jiézhì 2020 nián 8 yuè,Ly Tu That de YouTube píndào réngrán xīyǐnle 1200 wàn dìngyuè zhě. Tā hái zài xīnlàng wēi bó shàng yǒngyǒu chāoguò 2670 wàn fěnsī, zài Facebook yǒngyǒu chāoguò 350 wàn fěnsī, bìng jīlì xǔduō qítā rén jiārù jùyǒu lèisì nèiróng de píndào.
 
Tā de zhōngguó dàlù guānzhòng zhǔyào shi chéngshì qīngnián. Lǐzǐ qī de rénqì yǔ gǔ xiū fēng xī xīxīxiāngguān, jìndài zhōngguó yuè lái yuè zhòngshì huīfù chuántǒng wénhuà.2019 Nián 9 yuè jiēshòu jīn sī píndào cǎifǎng shí, tā shuō:“Dāngjīn shèhuì, hěnduō rén dōu gǎndào yālì. Bùdé bù miàn duì shēnghuó hé gōngzuò de yālì. Wǒ xiǎng ràng tāmen fàngsōng, tǐyàn yīxiē měihǎo de dōngxī lái xiǎngshòu. Xiāochú jiāolǜ hé yālì.”[23] Tā bǔchōng shuō:“Wǒ zhǐshì xiǎng ràng shìmín zhīdào tāmen de shíwù láizì nǎlǐ”.
 
Ly Tu That de dà bùfèn shìpín dōu zhuānzhù yú chuántǒng càiyáo hé qìmǐn. Chúle shípǐn jiāgōng shìpín, tā de qítā rèmén shìpín hái bāokuò huàzhuāng, yóuqí shì tā céngjīng yòng pútáo pí zhìzuòguò qúnzi. Tā zài shìpín zhōng hěn shǎo shuōhuà, zhèxiē shìpín zhōng túchū de shēngyīn shì dà zìrán de shēngyīn, zài qīngsōng de yīnyuè bèijǐng xià zuò fàn de shēngyīn. Hemispheres zázhì fābiǎo “wéiyī de jiāoliú shì Ly hé tā zǔmǔ zhī jiān de yī gè yǒuhǎo de xiàohuà, dànshì niǎo míng shēng, jiǎoxià qīngcuì de lùzhū, bǐshǒu de kā dā shēng, zhà suàn de sī sī shēng ràng nǐ chǔyú ASMR zhuàngtài, suǒyǐ nǐ shènzhì méiyǒu zhùyì dào nǐ kànguò duōshǎo shìpín.”
 
Lián'ǒu fěn hùnhéle zhǒngzǐ hé gānguǒ, yǐ Ly Tu That pǐnpái zài wǎngshàng xiāoshòu.
Chúle zhìzuò xuānchuán xiāngcūn měishí de shìpín wài, tā hái jiànlìle zìjǐ de pǐnpái, cóngshì nóngchǎnpǐn màoyì. 2018 Nián, tā zài wǎngshàng gòuwù wǎngzhàn tiān māo kāile yījiā diànpù, zhuānmén xiāoshòu shì pín zhòng chūxiàn de shíwù. Jiézhì 2020 nián, gāi diàn yuè xiāoshòu é yǐ túpò 1 yì yuán rénmínbì (yuē hé 1450 wàn měiyuán), jǐn tā de zhāopái liǔzhōu luósī fěn (luósī fěn,luósī fěn) jiù dádàole 150 wàn yuán de yuè yíngyè é. Tā hái zuò císhàn, bāngzhù pínkùn értóng. Jù 2019 nián de yī fèn bàozhǐ bàodào, tā de nián shōurù chāoguò 5000 wàn yuán rénmínbì (yuē hé 700 wàn měiyuán).
2018 Nián 8 yuè, rèn chéngdū fēi wùzhí wénhuà yíchǎn tuīguǎng dàshǐ. 2019 Nián 9 yuè, tā bèi rénmín rìbào shòuyǔ rénmín xuǎnzé jiǎng. Zhōngyāng diànshìtái (CCTV) chēngzàn tā shuō:“Suīrán bùshì duì zhōngguó de zànměi, dàn lǐnà jījí xuānchuán zhōngguó wénhuà, jiǎng hǎo zhōngguó gùshì.” ] Tóngyàng zài 2019 nián, tā bèi “zhōngguó xīnwén zhōukān” xuǎn wèi “niándù wénhuà yuèqì”.
 
Láiyuán:Https://Www.Youtube.Com/channel/UCkqeo8eDKjIjLpEa6zLZ1og
She's living in a paradise. Healths to her hand 🥰
Hard work always make wonders!!!!wow❤
Tu es tout simplement extraordinaire
Gioi qua ha tiec voi qua ha
Yağmur yağarken bahçedeki bitkilerin çiçeklerin böceklerin kuşların toprağın sesinin yapraklarda süzülen yere dökülen damlalarıydı sanki, gözlerinden dökülen
Miss u
She's a freaking machine, she can do anything she's so flipping STRONG, CLEVER,TALENTED,COMMITTED,HARDWORKING. Hats of my girl!👏👏👏👏🌷🌷🌷💐💐💐Ps Love her beautiful grandmother so much!❤❤❤❤💖💖💖💖💐💐💐💐
Круто!👍❤😘
Someone trained her very well,  with love🌺
Sen Süpersiiiinnn 😘🤗❤️
Прекрасная хозяйка
The chicken
She is the kind of girl I would spend my life with , just gorgeous 😍
คลิปนี้นานแล้วใช่ไหม
i play Li Ziqi's playlist everyday,hoping that one day i can have a life like Li Ziqi,at some village in China
Semoga semakin sukses YouTube mu👍👍❤️❤️
beautiful ❤️
Co mua tom sun xao voi huu hoa kh em
Aaaaa... Mấy bé cún thấy cưng quá!
부야오 부하오더
I hope LiZiQi will allow her fans and followers to have a garden tour...Raise your hand if you wanna go with me and visit her garden... <3
Anyone know where I can get these piano instrumentals in the background? Or can someone forward me a playlist! I love it
She's natural. I really assume to see her in personal
qhat ba nay 3trieu ha .chat la duoc roi do
Que rica comida se me hace agua la boca
🗻 🔥 💧 ¢
我們很喜歡你，你很棒本領祝妳快樂，從泰國來信
I wish to have a green thumb like her 🥺
I am impressed every time... no man is good enough for her... She's better than most ppl.. She can do it all..
Excellent work and Excellent value
YouTube must be fantastically popular in China, the way these gardening and cooking videos rack up millions of views.
Thanh moc voi thanh đeo đong ho đo
She is the synonym of Woman empowerment 🔥
FREE HONG KONG. FREE UIGHUR. SAVE MYANMAR FREE HONG KONG. FREE UIGHUR. SAVE MYANMAR
this one really has every liziqi staple: building, growing, foraging, and a chicken slaughter 😂
sangat menginspirasi... terima kasih liziqi
ฉันได้ดูคลิปของคุณแล้ว​ มีความสุขมากค่ะ​ คุณเป็นผู้หญิงที่เก่งมากๆ​
Mexnatdan charchamagan qöllar
Нам бы таких палочек бамбука. И глины немеренно. Смотришь и мы свой мастер класс открыли.
Bay gioi em chup hinh len ai noi gi em
What i would GIVE to live exactly like this 😌 my heart and soul whats and needs this so bad it hurts ❤️. Im tired of this fast food and concrete life
K hermoso me guustaria estar ahi desde chile te mando cariño y vendicion  chile  gloia
I want to adopt these puppies
Ba ra rut tien may trieu nua đi nghe
Just wonderful
You my friend
Okay, I need a tutorial on that basket making.
She’s at level 100, while I’m at level 4-5 in gardening 🧑‍🌾 lol
Oh God, i'm from Indonesia
Thanks lizi you're so amazing, super multi talented . Thanks to make me open my eyes and my mind. Thanks to all video. I love you, you're inspiratif . Thanks from my heart
im quite shock to see that innocent face know so many thing. omg she is a goddess😍
يوم لهوى معنى، كم ينقص هذا اليوم أهل المدن المتحضريين هذه أجمل قنات يوتيوب.
สวัสดี
умница трудяга  супер  девочка
Ta qhap hien co nguoj đan ong
Восхищаюсь девушкой .💋💐🙏 Сухой черенок посадит , дерево вырастет. Именнитым поварам даст фору. Умничка ,труженица.🌹🙏🌺🌸🤗🌟🌺💐💞
Very beautiful
   Home  thanks for the video,  Plum  and 
Granmama. 
☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡☆♡
人美～心美～景色美～让我感动😇🥺
3 nguoi kia đau roi len truoc mat ba mui di
Indah sekali pemandangannya
Toi kh em đau dan
She is such a hard working woman. Agree with me 👍😊😊😊
When i watch ur vedio i feel relx and confort , i love u and ur valge too
Just Amazing
Thoi lam viet đi may ong may ba
Who else been watching 李子柒 Liziqi" for more than a year ? 🥳🥳🥳🥰🥳🥰💗💗😛😛
Malayaalikal arengilum????
Райский уголок. Молодец девушка 👍👍👍
Beautiful
Её блюда и их приготовление выглядят и аппетитнее и круче чем в самом дорогом ресторане!
I know she did not just pick a leaf branch and make a whole ass basket out of it to carry mushrooms home. 😳
Никогда не надоест смотреть как течет вода, горит огонь, и работает другой человек
Love All
小姐姐，看你的视频有疗愈作用🥰🥰🥰
Sao ky đung ra em cho toi muon moi đung chu qhai kh em yeu
Little thing like, she used squash leaf to brush the mushrooms when shes washing those.... so creative mind! ❤❤❤
💎☀️🌺Tüm güzellikleri yaratan Allahımıza sonsuz hemd olsun! 🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️
Okay. It's time to get up. Is it really so hard to spend a few hours a day studying? Working hard? Even doing that one thing I've been wanting to do for a while? I can do it.
Em xai 3goi ma qhai kh em yeu
Your sincerety and hard work put me in shame 🙏🏼. You are not less than a beautiful angel 👼.
B walo ptaa nahi lovely you
imagine how lucky if there's a man who win her heart and be the part of her life
Perempuan yang sangat kreatif,senang sekali dijadikan istri
Шпильки из проволоки вместо кирпичей используйте.
Tetangga nya maanaaa mbak🤧
Beautiful
Background difficult  •
She has everything in herself,beautiful  smart strong clever #perfectly
ทั้งสวยทั้งเก่ง👍👍👍👍👍
this is the best birthday gift I could ask for!
Viver em um lugar assim isolado e belo e maravilhoso!
How could anyone dislike this video? This is so mesmerising and so pure! I'm very glad to be part of this channel! 🍁🍂
Where 6 uuuuuu.... Miss u
I really adore her grandmother and wish to see more of her. I miss my grandma so much.
Sao em sao em kg cho muon tien da
Не девушка, а прямо клад какой-то, мечта просто...
This is so lovely, thank you for making these videos💜
Her life seems like those fictional shows we used to watch as kids. It's beautiful. ❤️
Biet thanh moc la thanh nao roi ha
Making basket is a true example of 'where there is a will, there is a way🥰🥰😊😊she is incredible
Indonesia sendiri
清新的国风，勤劳美丽的中国女子，一举一动都有魅力！李子柒加油
wow me encantó, me cautivo todo, felicidades, es sumamente sublime, saludos de México.
Her work and lifestyle is really inspiring
anjim wanita pekerja keras
Está mujer es grandiosa ❤️
Toi het chua ho.
This makes me want to go back to Mexico and help out in the farm instead of complaining and staying inside the house.
Excellent content, outstanding videography, video editing. Excellent soothing background music, although a little melancholy at times. Outstanding culinary skills and recipes and carpentry skills. Excellent home decor and fashion sense. Wholesome family content. Excellent lessons on feminine virtues and values. God bless.
Everytime she calls her grandma pawpaw. It reminds me of my kids calling my mom that. Unfortunately she is no longer here. I wish she was still here and lived long like Liziqi grandma. Thanks for the content.
Молодеееецц😊👍👍
All food looking so natural and healthy,but still can't make Corona go away
HLFEO   SAOODE ARAABE 💋💋💋🌷🌷
Boa noite linda ❤️
Thanh kia 6 trieu 500 ngan .
When she went out always she will carry all types of tools in a one packet is "ABILITY "
사는 모습이 예쁘다
Essa é fera!
She is better then boys
Perfection
คิดถึงรู้ไหมเธอ
U are the most perfect  person I ever seen,if u were in my family I would be so proud of u,and look up too u, wish I could be u.much love
The iPhone is made in China.
Therefore, Apple is a Chinese brand.
Most of the kimchi is made in China.
That's why Kimchi belongs to China.
What a wonderful idea!! 
Such a genius!!
Ah yes the dying chicken sounds are very aesthetic
youtube autotranslate nai kar sakda
Csodás!
Em yeu mua bum an đi nghe em yeu ha
I really wish there were English translations, we westerners don’t recognize all the ingredients used.
🤤👏👏
Вот это хозяюшка какая! А еще  красавица! Волшебница !
Красиво!необычно...природа супер!!
Well, to be honest! I’m really a big fan of you. I spend most of my free time watching your great videos. Thank you so much. Love you
GOOD CHAINA SHE
I am very happy that I'm watching this video.. Because of you liziqi I learned a lot about life... Seriously I am very fascinated about your lifestyle. I know making every video you have is very hard... And you deserve to be paid for this effort you did... Guys please do not skip liziqi ads.. Let's help her.. She deserve the best❤️.. Love from Philippines 🇵🇭
Are u trying to show me about concrete
this is what ASMR should really be.
Nossa que vídeo lindo ❤️
Вот можно ведь приготовить и есть красиво и культурно
Очень  нравятся ролики с ее участием
Да оператор молодец
Оба супер
赚钱也是应该
Que lugar lindo onde ela vive 😍
Hi liziqi
I like how this super sharp cleaver isn't missing in a single video. That thing is as satisfying as it is scary.
Смотришь видео,душа радуется за простых нормальных людей.Да к тому же красотка.
Com esses vídeos, fico calminha, calminha!🌳🍀🌳🍀
Hon duoc 95trieu 500 tran
Been watching for two weeks straight, include the interview video about her childhood. Today, I realise that I have never seen much interactive between ZiQi and Grandmother. I see Grandmother is quiet and blank face most of the time, hardly see her talking to granddaughter... The more video I watch the more I feel Grandmother is a supporting role, in leading role Li ZiQi's cullinery videos. There is no bonding of a Grandmother and a granddaughter. Maybe they aren't biological grandmother and granddaughter........ Nevertheless, I do like these videos, farming, cooking, living on the mountains, unlike the urban country I live now, no mountains, no farms, no crops, only have them all in my farming game. But I ever lived on the mountains when I was a kid, visiting and short staying during school term holidays at Grandparents' Attap Leaves House. My mother watched few of these videos too, she said watching these videos bring back her memories before she got married to town.
Thanh moc 8 trieu dong
This is one of the best recommendation by YouTube so far.
Lots of love from INDIA
Qué lindo y rico todo! Me encantan estos videos❤
Farmer are always poor. But LiZiQi turns it around. She grows the foods eats the foods and shares the foods and selling her lifestyle through a beautiful dream lifestyle presentation. All the country have countryside and forest/woods, but no one will figure out the primitive outback’s living can make it viable to mankind. LiZiQi open a new horizons to the mankind.
Such an angel
Spitting hands before using a tool is real. I thought it was only in Tom and Jerry.
Ba nhu nho lam qhieu đay du ha
❤💘
Con ba nguoi kia hay ha
The fact is: Liziqi is the dream daughter for every mothers in the world.
BUT SORRY MOM, no one is perfect ;)
Woman, one chicken .... many kind  delicious yummy coming out. Can't watch went hungry.
Залипательно
65 trieu + 3 trieu 500 tran =
سبحان الله وبحمده سبحان الله العظيم ❤
Zor
When I heard my sis says she update I feel like this is what I'm waiting for.
😍😍😍
We all should be vegetarian bcause god gives us feeling that we can feel the pain of each creature.
Bai quan hay la bai tao hay la bai trieu .hay bai công đuong
REPENT AND FOLLOW JESUS CHRIST BEFORE ITS TOO LATE.
How many other people re watch this fine ladies videos over and over until the battery in their laptops dies like me!!!!!!!!!!! Your friend from Canada who just cannot stop enjoying the wonderful moments spent here on your amazing channel my dear friend. As always please give grandma a hug for me and know that I am always thinking of you both , there in the land of peace and great beauty!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am hoping one day to join you both in a fine dish of great looking and tasty looking food made with skill , love and care , shared among friends at the end of a wonderful day with you both!!!!!!!!!!! Learning about your great nation and your wonderful culture , listening the the fine stories from you and grandma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best woman in the world on the most gorgeous farm in the world.  Screw the lottery, I need to win that.
❤️💖💗😍
Angel kingdom, a heavenly environment, feel to go there and stay forever.
Не перестаю восхищаться  этой девушкой !!! Её замечательные родители воспитали такую  рукодельницу  на все руки  мастерицу!
whenever liziqi cooks, i always take notes what she have used in each dish for me to copy hahahaha
REPENT AND FOLLOW JESUS CHRIST BEFORE ITS TOO LATE.
Nossa que delícia...
Me deu vontade de comer essa comida...
E que moça bonita😃❤️
Coming to India
我也爱你煮的菜
但是如果您不介意的话，我是印度人
您的所有视频“我正在观看”真的像您一样
Maravilhoso!!!
Восхищаюсь Вами милая девушка;; желаю Вам Счастья
Tôi hon nay an mon gi da
As a vegetarian i was shocked when she showed the chicken but i like how she shows everything as it is. Everything natural. Many people eat chicken nuggets but if you would give them a whole chicken they couldn‘t eat it. 
She is being real. I respect that.
Star new is good gived healthy?
trust me that forest mushroom more delicious that we bough from market. i remember when i was kid in my home town love to harvesting mushroom
Hola Liziqui,tu cultura es muy hermosa,saludos de Venezuela y Feliz Navidad a ti y a tu abuelita
I love her works great job sister 🙆🏻💜❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
妳暫時來台灣找我好嗎？
everything that she does is a masterpiece! i just simply love it! keep safe to you & your grandma! ;-)
Please tran late
She’s living the life I want but my lazy ass won’t compose
This girl is so amazing and have wonderful life 🤩💞🥰
Look closely at what else in her garden?  That will be the next "The life of what!"
i learn many good ideas about growing vegetables  from you. thank you.
She carries the soul and the wisdom of the ancestors. 20 minutes of pure poetry. Much obliged.
Kashubi lizaqi
My stomach actually hurts from hunger pangs after watching her videos. Everything she makes looks impossibly delicious.
Chui nhieu roi qhai kh .hay la chui thich cug la chui roi .chu đau goi la chui qhai kg ha
the life of  cucumber by idol
Удивительно красиво и спокойно.
Oh my... I learned a lot with this!!! ♥♥♥
Toi biet ai goi roi đo  trieu qhat đi nghe
Qta Competências e Habilidades!!!
Provavelmente adquiriu com os pais e avós.
E trabalha com destreza, sem preguiça, sem moleza, e Tão Jovem!!
Lições de Vida q ensina à muita gente , q a Terra dá tudo q quizermos" tratando com carinho, humildade e muito amor!!".
PARABÉNS!!
Moça de grannde Valor!!
Ganhou mais uma inscrita.
💛❤💚💙💜
Tai sao kg chup hinh len
Man, I wish I was so hardworking like her. Although, I live at the country side I still find most of my chores boring, l can't find beauty in them anymore -_-.
Es hermoso ese lugar. Saludos desde Uruguay
She is so lovely. Beautiful and Peaceful life.🙏
Time used •
You’re so amazing I wish I lived with you and you were my senpai I wish to learn everything you do 😭😭😭
เม้นไทย☺️
Everyone should have noticed that she uses only a single knife for cutting vegetable,bamboo and everything
This channel is the most beautiful thing on youtube. A million thank yous, Liziqi!
1. I woke up
2. I met Lizqi
3. I hugged her
4. I cried
You read it wrong it's 2 3 1 4 💔
admirable todo lo qué haces. saludos desde Honduras 🇭🇳
Приветствую всю съёмочную группу!!! Да Тя Хао!!! Замечательный контент👍. Пробуйте добавить детей👶👩‍🌾 к работе и к помощи в саду... Успехов вам. Очень нравится природа и все действия и локации 👍👍👍
Toi kieu em chup hinh
I like the way you Live, Liziqi! Healthy and peaceful!
What happened many days not giving video
Youtube: Want to see the life of cucumbers to gather creative inspiration to change the world? 

Me:...yes.
Супер высший класс,удачи и долгих лет жизни!
How wonderful ❤️
Toi ba noi kia
Love you and your lifestyle 🥰😍
🤫🤫🤫🤫
Imagine washing the dishes after this whole feast
Райское место созданное Вами, похвально!!! А вы просто добрая фея!!!!
Fantástico nem dá para acreditar que lindo beijinhos
Chui đa mon chua ba kia
It’s really inspiring! I admire this people a lot. I hand salute👍👍👍
This is real life minecraft right here minus the noisy and annoying enemies
Dear Liziqi:
‘Can you name one thing you can’t do?’

And please let me be your pho pho? 😁😅
Я смотрела от начала до конца не отрывая глаза.
待ってました！新作！！
お婆ちゃんも元気そう💖
それにしても相変わらず素晴らしいです
💖💖
Vaya que canal tan interesante. Una vida simple con mucho trabajo pero alejada de la buya de la gente. Que bonito todo lo que hace  la joven. Me gusto mucho como preparo un canastita para sus verduras, de las hojas de un arbol. No le costo hacerla, y la hizo muy bonita. Una excelente ama de casa. Ojala yo pudiese vivir asi, y tener las energias de ella. Que bella la vida del campo...
Beautiful Creatures ❣️smart strong  relaxing and peaceful when I watch her videos thx.. 😊🌸💗🌸💗🌼🌼🌼
idih sok rajin padahal pemalas😂😂
Suka banget lihat video y dy wanita serba bisa melakukan apapun sendiri 💪💪💪
qhat cho ba 3 trieu đi nghe
She was like an Asian princess .. she inspired me to film a video of my mother. 
I always watch her videos every night before going to sleep to study camera angles, her videos help me sleep better.
Love from Vietnamese ...
This woman is so smart, kind and beautiful...I love how she loves her grandma💕
God job liziqi... i hope you can find the true happines... 💪
Com chua em
Жаль что нет  комментариев  на русском языке 
Очень  все красиво и заманчиво приготовлено  но ничего не понять
Приятная женщина  и видно что очень хозяйственная 
В доме цветник и красота
Рубишь сук, на котором сидишь ... может ,ошибусь ?
I love this “The Life of___” series you’ve been doing! Such beautiful videos. So much work goes into them. Thank you!
Very good knowledge for the lady... Amazing person.... Very nice cooking... I love it... So much on the house.... Wow super.. Semma....
Muito Bom! Amei essa Chinesa👍👏🤝💯
Holamama como  est) als
Que maravilhosa tua horta.
I like VDO you
Love how she's creating her beautiful garden <3
I am totally mezmerized....honestly. I absolutely love how nothing goes to waste...
Как красиво снято- ежедневный труд обычных людей просто завораживает 💕💕💕
حياتكم حلوه اني احب هيج حياة الطبيعه 😍،،،،،، من اشوف المقطع ارتاح 🤗😊
Очень трудолюбивая девушка,жаль нет титров на рксском или на английском
2 thanh đi đoi mat voi ba mui chua
Plot twist,many people you don't see, camera, producer, director,not enough hours in a day to do all the amazing work she does,cool vids
Noi gi la tu hieu ha
She reveals the beauty of nature by her own authetic way and its made the viewers relaxed😍
Умничка какая, красавичка 👏🙌👍👍👍
Your food looks so yummy and your country is so beautiful
Moi nguoi 3trieu 500ngan .buc minh roi
Você é maravilhosa.
Biet ai ta biet ai roi đo .nguyen ma lo đi
狠喜歡她漫步在自己建造花園裡的樣子 我想 她從來都知道自己想要過的生活是什麼樣子 並用自己的雙手努力的去實現
So proud of you... You know how to the reality
U proved that a girl can do anything ❤️
You killed a hen.sin
Оператор профи высшего пилотажа.Девушка красотка,трудяга.
Jamur baratt uenakk e
I pray her grandma would live another 100 years, love you grandma
lovely beautiful places to explore. We also like trips, so we like your channel very much.
All of her dishes are so beautiful to look at and her chopping skills are amazing
Умения и навыки этой маленькой девушки, ярко иллюстрируют то, чем богата жизнь простых китайцев. Рассказывают о тех же переживаниях и достижениях, знакомых во всем мире: уважение к старости, сохранение традиционного образа жизни, сокровищ национальной кухни. Браво!
Okay but can we talk about the basket @11:44?
Now that is raw talent!!!🔥💕
Helleo ❤️❤️🔥🔥❤️❤️
Tudo parece muito bom.
Tu insan nhi bahn koi jhasi ki Rani h
Thanks a lot!!! So beautiful sighn and landscapes💗💗💗I'm from Russia, my parents hold little garden in the suburbs. I work a lot and meet them seldom, but your videos brings me to their place and brings me happiness.💐💗💐
Thank you for presenting this beautiful video. Be happy always. Juthai 🙏
You live in a paradise! I would give anything to live there.. God bless you
妳什麼都会 真的假的
Wonderful video to watch. Thank you.
SKY she
Every second is worth watching. 
I'm so happy Grandma is doing well. 
So glad to see her on your videos. 
 
-Love from Philippines
Olá, o que são estas frutinhas que você usa como tempero?
J'adore ce que vous faites et vous êtes très jolie ♡♡
You didn't find it anywhere
Whenever I watch ur video I wonder what u can’t do. U are flawless
She uttered guy
I always get hungry whenever she cooks, even though I already ate 😂 and her skills are just amazing
Bravo pour tout ce que vous faites c'est vraiment génial je trouve que vous avez la chance de vivre  en pleine nature  comme ça moi c'est mon rêve mets juste un rêve parce que je sais que ça se réalisera jamais mais en tout cas à chaque fois que je regarde  une de vot vidéo ça me fait un bien fou toute la cette nature c'est trop génial et merci pour cette belle vidéo 🙏♥️
Absolutely mesmerizing and beautiful. Your vlogs are so beautifully made love them, so relaxing and calming. Anxiously wait to watch your videos. My kids also enjoy watching them.
İzlerken çok keyif alıyorum. İyi ki 🌿🌺
Thank you so much 🙏💚 beautiful!!!
Liziqi i am a great fan of you. You are doing an excellent work. Hope to meet you in my life. Lots of love from India , Kerala.
Beautiful heart cares natural way of life cute lady has a creative mind hats off beautiful environment so healthy hygienic living lifestyle
Watch this at  September 2021, never knew there is such goodie at Youtube, beautiful video !
看整個院子由一片黃土慢慢打造成整片菜園真的很令人感動
子柒真的很認真的在過生活
田園詩人真實版
I really am wondering guys, is there something that this amazing woman can't do?🤩🙀
Нам бы в России такой урожай. Так-то конечно, райский уголок
Love to see a pollution and plastic free life.
that pearl tree looks so good and healthy
TAM BYM CHCIAŁA JECHAĆ! RAZ W ŻYCIU ! NIE MIAŁAM WAKACJI!
I’ve never seen an YouTube video with that high quality. Every time when she cook it makes me hungry 😋
Look how peaceful she is 🥺
She was so awesome 😍😍❤️😭
JEST MOJE SŁONECZKO! TAKIE MARZY MNIE SIĘ ZYCKO! PROSTE! DZIĘKUJE ZES WRÓCIŁA! NIE ZARYZYKUJE NASTĘPNE WYKLUCZENIE! CZYLI NIC ODE MNIE! PODAŁAM!
What a lucky grandma... ❤️👍🏻
Her cooking styles remind me of  Drama chef hua💜😌
She deserves everything on this planet,cuz she knows how to take care of this planet!!!
This is such a peaceful life!!!
Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if someone told me she had made her own house.
I'm so addict to her video,crazy for the amazing magic of life she present.she deserve the praise internationally, what's behind is the Chinese wisdom and effort.
Imagens e ações de paz e serenidade . Atividades Bo bem fazer.  Elementos da natureza, milagres de vida Bem viver.
Woooow Amazing,  sekecil apapun pemberian kita kepada mahluk ciptaan tuhan akan selalu membawa kita dalam kebahagian. Goodluck sis.
a life of nurturing growing and sharing gentle purpose is a life well lived and beautiful as generation pass time together and learn and i am thankful for the invitation to be with you here ...watching patiently  observing what i already know ...earth is enough earth is full and generous  and amazing and i want to say all of that in chineese.....enfin bref,."can't stop tears and deep exhaling..""paix sur la terre aux earthiens de bonne volonté.." vie est si poétique si sereine si douce et forte et tenace et riche de savoirs ancestraux de culture millénaire magnifique, votre vie  est simplement ravissante si dynamique si propre si naturelle si active, une merveille  non, extraordinaire quelle perfection exemplaire....merci.
One of the brave women in world👌👌....so smart,beautiful and perfect😍😍
KOBIETA SAMA BUDUJE TWORZY! TAKIE ŻYCIE! MUST! SAMA! JUZ WIDZĘ! JAK PIEKNO TWORZY!
I cant imagine how hardworking she is❤️God bless
So calming 😇
It's so cute that animals just follow her in almost every videos🐾
Cuộc sống như này còn gì bằng 😘
Saya kagum......anda sangat kreatif mengolah makanan jd lezaaaat😋🤤
ZAKOCHAĆ SIĘ I NIC WIĘCEJ NIE POTRZEBA!
I've watched you some time and am in complete awe of your talent. Your fantastic!!
매우 멋진 Hady 채널입니다. ✨♥
Aqui ,amo assistir esses vídeos
You até Very specially talented hard working creative and prety top
above all I admired How you take Care of your grandma os something amazing
Wow very beautiful environment  thanks for sharing
Nice life of hard work… we work to pay others to do most of this
This is very great idea to grow the cucumber seeds.  I love that. I will grow Similarly in my field. Thanks a lot for sharing such a great idea. Love from India🇮🇳
13:24
even the clouds are beautiful there. she must be vlogging from heaven.
This woman is literally good at EVERYTHING! ❤
She is very creative and beautiful HARD working young Lady.🌻🌻👍
какая молодец  на все руки мастер здоровья тебе
I like this video..
Nice♥️👍
Greeting from indonesia🇮🇩
與自然和諧相處的生活👌
Perfect 😓😩 Family simple 😚
All the foods she cooks leave me starving. She lives in a beautiful place, grows just about everything.  She even has puppies. 
What a beautiful life she and her grandma lives.
Talented woman🙏🏻
I really like this type of habitat to dwell in natural environment
Nice sharing 😍
So much food ! Only for her and her grandmother.?
Looks like a restaurant and it looks delicious. Makes me hungry.
Beautiful garden and surroundings, very nice video.
Wow🥺❤️
How beautiful...the garden, the foraging. the bamboo fence and the amazing nutritious food she so lovingly provided. A beautiful life in a Garden of Eden setting.
Very nice simple life I love it calm and Heath Nice music merci - form Algeria
So Awesome Different Content
Great jobs
どれも美味しそうです💕仕事テキパキかっこいい✨
Ella es divina👌😘💗💯
I like traditional food cooking
Liziqi, You are simply a treasure and a blessing for Chinese culture and traditions.
Que  mujer  tan valiosa,  felices los hombres   que tuvieron  una mujer similar
wow! it's amazing.
she is the perfect example of beauty with brain and talent.
Me: awwwww! Those cute puppies! Yummy veggies 😋 Ohhhh yeah....this is gonna be good! Awwww more cute little chickens!  Hiieeee hens and chickies! 

Hen: Hi my human 🙂🙃🙂  So happy to see you 😁  We're eating early today?? 😍.... Yaaaahhh .....Waaaiitt  WHAHHHHHH???  {rings the hens neck as she talking} 

The remaining flock looking on: 😨😱😵 nope, I'm not hungry.... Uh-uh... No hunger here... Nope...
Good job girl 
You are beautiful and hard worker
Que delicia de manjares las recetas de cosina que usted hace señorita,Congratulation,Saludos desde Los Angeles California,
Miss you are very hardworking and knowledge person
I did a lot of chores. But this girl always makes me feel lazy my whole life!! 🔥
27000(twenty seven thousands COMMENTS!) Surprising video!
Only manu and manu out of cucumber. How many items prepared?– so many !
Thank you Liziqi.
Người vừa xinh đẹp lại vừa giỏi với 1 cuộc sống đáng kiếp người
SUSZENIE! NA ZIMĘ ZAABEZPIECZENIE!
Красивый, почти что художественный фильм. Умные люди поймут что это постанова. Труд на земле ,это тяжёлый труд а не красивый кадр с красивой актрисой . Вот я подписана на канал Одна на хуторе,там наша белорусская девушка пашет с мамой на земле,вот это правда жизни на земле. А не эта сказка.
Beautiful life
She really knows how to silently flex 🤣 weaving that plants was on point! 

Also love how the live chicken to dressed chicken escalated so quickly. 

I really love watching her videos 🥰
Would love living in one of those for a change!!
Tenang banget liatnya😍
ILE RÓŻNORODNOŚCI W KJEDNYM!
Tudo é muito gratificante para. É não ter preguiça plantar depois só colher
I love lizchi❤️
I just love how she's so proud of all of her beautiful hard work 😝🤩🤗
This woman is fabulous wonderful I want to be like her so wise
An Angel on earth, wonders u create, an art we love to watch and learn more from u. God bless u and ur grandma.
her garden is everything like her own forest
Amazing!!
ohhh... life is so beautiful...
The dogs eat raw tomaotes?? Im shooked TuT i never thought they would
So hard working ..wife material 😃
We know that nature is beautiful but in her every video we can see and feel countryside beauty.Make me feel like go to countryside and live like her.
This is a real women, love it
I wish to life like this peaceful mind and environment
I want that garden...lol
BEAUTIFUL THANKS FOR SHARING LOOK SO YUMMY!!
很棒哦
Вы такая молодец! Все умеете, все сами делаете. Смотрю все ваши видео. Было бы хорошо и интересно, если бы внизу писали перевод на русском языке. Удачи вам!
Wunderschöne Bilder die die Harmonie und das ursprüngliche Wissen d.Japanischer Kultur vermitteln. In der Einfachheit und natürlich en Strukturen liegt das Glück und die Liebe zum Leben. Danke für die Erinnerung in dieser falschen Zeit.
Красавица умница!!!!😘😘😘😘🥰🥰🤩🤩🤩😍😍😍😍😍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏👏
it is very beautiful
Vợ của ah chăm chỉ quá 
Lạnh rồi thì nhớ giữ gìn sức khỏe nhá 
Yêu vk
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👍
I wish liziqi would mention how long it took her to make that leaf basket. So beautiful and skilled ❤️ i love when she holds big mushrooms against her face after picking. She always does this.
Piękne,,,.   Pozdrowienia z Polski.       Europa  - POLAND
I wonder what camera she uses! The details are so sharp, I can even see the insects crawling 😂 I am always in love with her videos 🥰
wow looks fun.. i always dreaming on doing farm and living far from crowd.
Amazing😍😍😍😍😍
TEPATYCZKI MAKARONOWE!
Wow super and awesome.. She is enjoying our life..
ZOBACZCIE JEJ TWÓRCZA NATURĘ! Z TA ZASŁONA! PAJĘCZA !
Я просто восхищаюсь ее трудлюбием. Все она умеет ,все у нее хорошо получается. Умница.
Какая молодец девочка
Banyak makannya cici...sumber makanan dari alam melimpah👍
Worth watching this video!
Liziqi excellence: 

Ultra rare in Cooking
Planting
Farming
Architecture
Beauty
Cute
Simple
Kind
Muted
Perfection 💓💓💓💓

Just watch every video of liziqi for meditation. Sighhhhh
Idealistic  ... may be a few ones will have this way of living !  can i made it ?
What an incredible young lady so much talent we wish her all the best in these times and hope she stays in good health with her grandmother. Thank you for the interesting films.❤❤❤❤❤😃😃😃👍
She's living in paradise, where there is peace,,fresh air to breath,,receiving the fruits of labor from Almighty God..
gilaaa kakak ini the real multitalented😂 bisa2 nya dari daun jadi tas haha
Woooowww❤️❤️❤️
I thought shes the girl cooking foods using stones from the river . She's great though 😊 keep up!
Awesome
everytime I watched your vids
Me: I wish it will never end! 

I soo love your vlogs!!!
Her ability is extraordinary.she knows a lot about life.
好厉害呀(✪▽✪)，即使没带篮子，也可以随手用叶子来编制一个。。。佩服
Hola saludos desde lima Perú   🇵🇪
Me llamo pascual 🙂
Y mi nombre artístico es pASCualito show
- soy animador para diferentes eventos
- soy cantautor
- soy payasito cómico
- soy director creativo para eventos
- soy zanquero
- trabajo con el software adobe Creative Cloud adobe
  premier , adobe photoshop , Adobe Audition , se instalar
  programas
- también hago contenidos de viajes de video de cualquier publicidad 
  o audios
- se manipular drones
- fabrico trajes de Robot led
- se instalar Tiras Led Inteligentes en una casa o muebles , o
  carros
- tengo licencia A1 para conducir auto y también manejo
  camión
- se cuidar ancianos
- se cuidar mascotas
- se limpiar casa
- se limpiar jardín
- puedo cuidar una casa o edificios en las ciudades o 
  pueblos alejados
- se lo que es electricidad
- se lavar platos en restaurantes
- se lavar autos
- soy operario de limpieza
- soy vendedor de frutas en los mercados
- se instalar auto radios en los carros
- trabajo de Delivery
- me gusta ser voluntariado apoyar a los demás y llevar
  alegría.
 
En realidad me desarrollo en lo que venga soy una persona joven 
soltero sin hijos educado y emprendedor.
te cuento mi labor ...     A    TI 
TU QUE ESTAS LEYENDO ESTAS ESCRITURAS
no importa tu edad lo único que te pido es que me quiera como soy yo .
 
"Busco novia" 
“Yo amo al amor en libertad quien tenga el mismo pensamiento que yo podría conquistar fácilmente este corazón.”
“A veces estar solo es bueno pero yo ya me aburrí de eso, quien se atreve a venir cambiarme la situación sentimental.”
“Si crees que tienes un verdadero interés hacia mí, tendré que ver con acciones que eso es verdadero y si veo que es así estoy seguro que tendrás mi corazón.”
 
“Estoy esperando a ver quién se anima a querer una salida conmigo con el fin de ver si las cosas fluyen y pueda haber un interés mayor como para obtener más adelante una relación.”
 
Yo por mi parte viajar donde estas tú ✈️
buscaría la forma como llegar a ti viajaría como voluntariado 🙂 o también como anfitrión
o también enviar una carta de invitación desde lima Perú para tu llegues a mi destino .
la idea es conocerte en persona 🙂😃🤗😊
 
Aquí te dejo los link de mis páginas Este es mi Facebook , Instagram , y mi Blogger 
para que tengas referencia de mi lo que laboró en lima Perú.
https://www.facebook.com/pascual2021/
https://www.instagram.com/pascualitos...
https://eventosdetallesyfulldivercio....
 
Espero tu respuesta mi dulce en el Facebook , Instagram , Blogger , 
YouTube o WhatsApp  +51 980567641.🙂😃🤗😊
Very peaceful work beautiful
Cantik, kuat, jago masak
الله يبارك على هاد الطبيعة
💘 from srilanka 🇱🇰
Prayers for safety of Liziqi's village. So much flooding nearby. My heart breaks for all those people affected by the rains and damn dams (not ot mention everything else!) please stay safe all <3
Does she have a book? Please do a picture book with recipes
Всех, с наступающим Новым Годом!!! Привет из Донецка!!!   😊😊🎄🎄🎄🎄🎄🎄🧨🎈🎈🎈
Me gusta el programa
Sizi izlemek beni çocukluğumdaki köyümdeki yaşamımı hatırlatıyor.Türkiye Samsun şeyhgüven köyü
ŁA ŁA ŁA I KOSZYCZEK WŁASNY!
總是要重複看了又看才會滿足，看子柒妹妹的視頻是種享受～😘
So  amazing
it amazes me how there are never any bugs on camera like flies or mosquitos  just bees and butterflies
Poor chicken we didn’t need to hear that poor animal die 😢
太美好，心之向往💕😊
11:43 Why did she draw a circle on the ground? It's too vague to be a sign. Does anyone know why?
Even though I dnt know the name of most veggies or what she cooks, I just enjoys the works of such a talented nature girl 💚
Ahhhhh,   watching her go about her day and making a basket on-the-spot from a leaf made me remember the many times i was in the Viet namese countryside watching the incredible, graceful, ingenious way they did things.   Nho Nha So Hai.  Beautiful film,  thanks so much.
每次看到，你和奶奶一起吃饭都会有种幸福感。希望奶奶身体健健康康
She is such a gifted and inspirational woman. Here Watching from Jamaica
Presiosa te felisito. Que Dios y mamita la Virgen María  bendigan tus manos y llenen tu corazón de mucho amor. En lo que emprendes gracias.
Healthy food. Chef
👏👏👏👏♥️
น่ารัก
子柒每期视频的时间和精力成本令人折服！！瓜果蔬菜从播种、成长、收获，到端上餐桌的时间跨度太长了，这是何等的耐心和策划啊！
liziqi: makes a basket out of leaves
me: what the actual f*ck at this point liziqi?
Hermosos
Ziqi ❤️
Потрясающая девушка,трудолюбивая, КРАСИВАЯ,спокойная
Ow beauty with her adorable puppies
太喜欢李子柒了，唯美，诗意，浪漫，让我感受到了生活的美好谢谢你
คุณเก่งมาก คุณขยัน สุดยอดครับ
부모님   한늘처렁   섬기고
너무나잘합니다멋있다
I think I'm in love.
This is the kind of life exists only in dreams
👍👍👍👍😍😍
The most hard working and talented YouTuber ever 👏😍  she can do stitching(desings clothes) farming, cooking at it's best, she inspires me in every aspect , she teaches you to work harder in every situation , she defines no work is small , she is the best , I can't explain my thoughts in words
Adem banget tempatnya
Красиво,благородно.Спасибо за отдых.
This girl is living in heaven.....
Beautiful
Good video👍👍👍👍👏
From 
SRI LANKA🇱🇰🇱🇰🇱🇰🇱🇰
This is like "Fairytopia" 💙
RAJ NA ZIEMI MOŻLIWOŚĆ ABSOLUTNA! JEŚLI  POD KONTROLA MOŻNA?
毎回動作の手際の良さには驚かされます❗しかも華奢で少女のような女性が、何でも知り尽くしてるご年配の方のように、迷いが無く潔く力持ち💪又一つの食材から生まれる、美味しそうな料理の数々😍動画を見ているだけで、元気が出ます🎵キッチンに自分が立てば、なんだかテキパキ動けてしまうんだな✨しかも楽しい😄いつも素敵な動画ありがとうございます‼️
An absolute independent woman
La perfection féminine.
Gostei
Terasa damai....👍👍👍❤️
❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️
YOU ARE my greatest idol, l always love watching YOUR clips which always remind me of my own rurual village life  in the NEW TERRITORY OF HONG KONG nearly 50 years ago, your video are so brilliantly fantastic!  

Good health & long live you to produce more videos for us, at least for me!  You are really lighting up my live & lifting me up every minute!!!  Thank you & thank you!!!
คุณเป็น ผู้หญิง ที่เก่งจริงๆ สุดยอดมากคะ
Wow. she is gorgeous, what were we planting again? :-P Oh my Gourd that Asian beauty. :-P
ทั้งสวยทั้งเก่ง.สุดยอดเลย
Thần tiên tỷ tỷ !!
Hello friends,
I'm watching her videos on TV (with hd quality) with my family like theatre this is the best experience..❤
My god, YouTube has made me time and again to unlearn what I learnt as truth .
Such a strong girl
She do her work so neatly and beautifully
I never got bored while seeing her video
Я уже смотрю 2 часа не могу останавливать себя она просто молодчина🥰
Amazing food, skills, connection with the land and animals. This is what is missing or lacking in today’s modern society this is how it’s meant to be... this is why we have so much turmoil, crime, violence, disrespect in the world because this way if living has been nearly lost
Very healthy nice
OK!!!! So we are so excited to have found this channel!!!! You're amazing!  We are going to copy your "ball method" for our planting.  That was one of the most inspiring methods that we have ever seen!!!
Very nice
11:18 I love how she casually made a basket out of a leaf
So healthy, natural. I love to see how you treat Mother Nature. The foods must delicious. Just a glimpse of how life can be so beautiful. I’d love to come and visit to learn so many skills. Universities have so much to learn. Thanks.
Lindo vídeo 👏👏👏👏👏 parabéns pela seu trabalho de lidar com a terra
💓💓💓💓💓
So peaceful to watch ❤ .She's living the life that I wanted ❤
I Like your video
Me:  I need a basket to carry my veggies. I will order one from Amazon!
Liziqi:  I will make one for you in a jiffy.
It is so inspiring to watch you my sister, even though I do not eat meat or dairy. God's blessings to you!
Your such an amazing gardener as well, I have learnt so much by looking at your videos, thank you for your time and effort into your videos ⌚❤️
Love your videos but didn’t like hearing the chicken!😢
Tão linda!!! adoro seus vídeos!
Muito obrigada
Too much hard life 😲
Healthiest meal i've ever seen, and looks delicious too.
Such an amazing woman everyone should look up to.♥️✨
No matter how much huge amount of food the camera man eats, I am sure he goes hungry all the time and I absolutely don't blame him 🤤🤤🤤
Beautiful
😍🙌👏👏👍
👍
เก่งมากครับสุดยอดเลย
Is this real...wow
She's too strong, she knows how to do everything 💪
Your dress at 9:39 is so elegant. I wonder if there's a male version of it?
có vợ như này cả đời ấm no
everything was ok without killing hen.it feels she does farm at home
This is what do kyungsoo life goals
เป็นผู้หญิงที่เก่งและสวยมากๆเลย
I'm so fascinated of the way she just does all the stuff and has motivation just to get up and do all  this 🤕🙌🏾 
MAN "I don't have no motivation to do the damn dishes!"
이집엔 열매도 어찌저리 잘열려있누
Very remarkable.
😘😘😘🥰😍
ทั้งสวยทั้งเก่ง🤟🤟🤟
She is looking like princess
Она молодец. Мастер на все руки. Все умеет делать. 🤗👏👍
😍😍😍
Her grandmother is so cute! I miss mine so much 😥
Hello from Indonesia. Watch your videos, like looking back at my childhood village. Now I live in the city and occasionally return to a much different village. My agricultural culture in my country and your country is almost the same. I'm happy to watch your video. Tq Liziqi.
eu amo a culinária japonesa 👏👏
11:19 WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS
Really awesome, relaxing, soothing, calm. Great to see.
you got that right bro
She should send this to Nat Geo People channel so the whole world could watch her amazing works, 🤔 n wish to see who is her Mentor, 👍👍👍
Her beauty shines from inside to outside. And the piano sooths my soul. Preparation is primative, ads a certain flair to daily grind. Hats off to an angel that loves her grandmother.
Невозможно оторваться от этой красоты!
she is so beautiful Chinese girl. I love Chinese girl so much
Lot more to Chinese cuisine than the local takeaway!, i love this channel and these two.
Nice
I can't believe she's 30 years old........well Goddesses don't age at all. Nice to see that granny is doing well. :)
I love your videos,I watch your videos every night is amazing what you do in your videos :3
You are so  inspiring and  so clever. You  work so hard to  make  beautiful  things happen.  Thank you for  sharing.
Love u sis
Świetne filmy, uwielbiam je oglądać - pozdrawiam 😁
chị làm câu cá 🎣
I love living in this world peacefully, nice and quiet.
Какое трудолюбие. Природа отвечает добром. Вот для чего создал Бог человека!
This girl really is amazing. She has very good survival skills.
It’s true, that heaven is the place on earth
您是一位出色的艺术厨师。 恭喜你 来自印度的Mohan。
Super
發現子柒穿的服裝每件都好👌看
今天是第一次碰到你的视频，我是非洲人、喜欢这种的视频，就想问可不可以和你拍视频？🥰🥰
Никогда не устаю смотреть эти видео. Она чудесна!!!
I think she's an Angel. She's a real woman
Linda 😍
Wow
why no one is talking about how beautiful she is?
Manière de faire différents ; mais Appétissant
好喜歡子柒編的籃子，隨手就可用，又環保♻️太赞了👏👏👏👏👏👍！
I wish I could live like this but there's no way I could do all that hard work....
This what I think heaven  looks like
A living proof that money is not everything.
cuộc sóng đáng yên biết dừng nào nếu covit19 lan tràn thì đay là nơi có 1 cuôc sóng lý tưởng nhứt phải không các bạn
Love you
Мне очень нравится смотреть ваш канал.Получаю огромное удовольствие ,наслаждаюсь красотой природы и как готовит девушка,просто молодчина .Все супер!
Yo quiero una esposa asi de chingona
I love these videos so much I just wish there was an English translation for the characters on the screen!! I want to know the names of what she is making
it's  beautiful  you can have  vegetables  everywhere 😍😍😍and perfect  place to writing...❤❤❤
Really loving this video, all the best😍
👍💓🇰🇿Kazakhstan
I’m impressed the way this video was filmed!
Эта девка точно упала с Луны, Леонардо наших дней,это ж надо уродиться такой
一個人能完成這麼多活  了不起的女孩！
Que mulher incrível,Eu trocaria com tranquilidade a cidade grande para viver dessa forma!
A mulher fez uma bolsa em instantes com uma folha manooooo.
Te admiro muchísimo , gracias por todo 😊🌄🌷🙏
TEMPO ORGANIZACJI!
Ela é admirável! Quantas habilidades. E super saudável
.
I was wondering is this her everyday rough teen.
The quality of her video is amazing ❤
Очень классная девушка
Восхищаюсь такой девушкой
При такой красоте и хрупкости она такая работящая и даже грубая мужская работе ей по плечу !!!
Это и удивляет и восхищает!!!
The more videos I watch the more I think wow is this how life is supposed to be lived? Like honestly it’s cool being all modern and the convenience of buying things, but having the skill to create and environment and healthy life style for you and your family is respectable.

She’s really living, everything she needed she made, all of the food no extra anything all natural......... it’s crazy and I understand that’s something that she worked years to master but I appreciate it. I don’t want to be stuck in a box where money and status means so much that living like this is far fetched. This is true life, this is art.
你怎么可以这么完美
Что то очень необычное! Благодарю за сюжет!
Q ricas frutas
I was doing a marathon of your videos and was just about to go to sleep but then BAM a new video! DESTINY.
Thanks for the videos. I wish I could visit but I'm from a different nation lol. Keep up the good work
Only Liziqi to make me hungry for healthy food.
(I literally just ate a whole pizza 10mins ago)
You'r so strong and talented, i love your videos it gives me peace May God be with you, best wishes
Fabuloso todo cuanto hace.... pero estaría bien que nos lo tradujeran y ponga las recetas de todo cuanto hace ...que se ve riquísimo !
Nice 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
Beauty, brains and braun. This young lady is the absolute perfect total package. Much respect for all her skills and talent. Love watching her videos.
良く働きますね。
您所做的每件事似乎都有一种优雅的美。 甚至小狗也意识到了这一点，并吸引了您，因为我怀疑大多数观众都是如此。
That's the life I want to live. 😭
Hermosa niña mis respeto y admiración que demuestres al mundo tan lleno de tecnologia,cuán importante es cuidar nuestra naturaleza y aprovechar todo de ella para alimentarnos sanamente.Desde Jipijapa Ecuador mis saludos más cordiales.
Esta mujer es una dura.hase de todo.
This reminds me of my grandparents rural life , im crying 😢
Em yêu chị 😘😘😘 chị cho em sống với
子柒，你很棒！不要在意那些“不喜欢”。不是因为这些人不喜欢你，内心深处他们是不喜欢他们自己。希望有一天他们能够开始学着欣赏美丽，然后就可以体会到幸福。保重自己! 
(you are great! Please ignore those who give your video "dislike". It's not because these people are not happy with you, deep down it's all because they are not happy with themselves. Hopefully one day, they will start learning to enjoy beauty, then they will start enjoying happiness! )
I'm proud that I'm among the first viewers when she first made videos. 
Whoever gets responded among 26k comments is a legend.
A sofisticação de Ser um com a natireza. Muito obrigada!
AILE ZIELENI CODZIENNIE! A W AKADEMIKU KOMUNY! NICZEWO! I TAK PO KOLEI WYKANCZALNIA ŻYWIENIOWA!
Lindo vídeo!
But but but how she knows is time to harvest ❓❓❓
who randomly got liziqi recommended one day and have been watching ever since
Beautifully filmed. Nice editing. Good work...
李さんは世界一才能のある女性だな。
誰も彼女を超えることは出来ないだろう。
Unbelievable that someone out there can live like this.  My dream life!
U are so cool..after seeing your first video i can't stop my self to watch your videos...so inspiring and your life is such a amazing..my utmost desire to meet you ..but i can't..🥰🥰🥰love from pakistan.
PIACH SUCHY A TWORZY!
I love ur videos!! I learnt alot  😘😘
I don't think these puppies are going to eat tomatoes.
My idol Liziqi! You're the best blogger in the universe.
Умница, красавица, целый день трудится как пчелка, не боится никаких трудностей. Пример для нашей молодёжи, которая труд презирает, а только и мечтает о богатом муже.
Я хочу стать как вы, волшебно спасибо вам за ваши видео.
Waw
風景がとっても綺麗ですね！
なんでもできてすごいです！
my dream
子柒的每個影片讓我只有一個想法
就是~願子柒永遠幸福快樂，婆婆身體健康。
希望這樣美好的子柒永遠順心
Thanks for the beautiful video!
Seeing is believing, that one can manage so many tasks to perfection.
Is there anything she can't do!
If one has nothing nice to say about this video, that could be from those who feel she's sinfully too independent, before even thinking about the beautiful settings and her happy abode!!
Wow! I'm amazed and envy your life style at the same time👍you're really good.
supar
The way the pups follow her 🥺
CZEMU NISZCZY SZ KORZENIE! ?
Love that basket she made. She's a Jane of all trades.
I love this live style than Bear Grylls's. Peace, Beautiful, lovely!
I wish there's a sub in every dish :( my mouth is watering and i don't even know what its called lol
Liziqi, Me gusta mucho su creatividad, siga adelante.
I WANNA GO THERE BADLYYYYY 😭😭😭❤️❤️
I love yuo
Piękna i zaradna . ❤
Le Secret pour Tisser Le Panier Végétale.Merci de Avance.
She is sooo talented and beautiful ✨!
Her skin is amazing 😍😍 im sure its the food the fresh air and the simple living thats doing it.
Her channel is so damn soothing 😌
Au grand Air et Semis et Croissance et Récolte.Des Cuisines et Repas Sains.
She is an amazing gardener and cook.
Where is she live?
Wow. She’s a real farmer.  Beautiful face.if I was a man, it would be so lucky to marry this girl.  She’s talented, good cook, knows how to grow and cook her own foods.  Takes care of the elderly.    Unlike a lot of women I see who only cares about taking selfies, fake nails, fake eyelashes , fake boobies, designer clothes,  sugar daddies & easy money, what you can do for HER etc...
Вот так должны жить люди в гармонии с природой, что может быть лучше, спокойный труд, вести домашнее хозяйство это и есть жизнь. И на Руси было такое. Интернет нужен в малых количествах. Ну разве это не чудо! Девушка молодец, благодаря сохранившимся традициям!
Столько знаний в ней и опыта...
Мастер на все руки!!!
🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤭
Je ne sais plus quoi te dire tellement tout ce que tu fais je n’ai jamais vue quelqu’un le faire !!! Je n’ai plus de mots pour te dire combien j’aime et j’adore regarder tes vidéos 🥰♥️
🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤭🤭🤭🤭
I Love watching your channel so much.
love from Indonesia.
Wo Ai Ni.
I can speak Chinese but can't write Chinese.
Keep Uploding your beautiful video,stay healthy.
Thanks for showing how to properly use cucumbers while many younger generations thought it was a tool😎😏
獨立堅強的女性，讓我有了動力😘☺
She is so amazing, can do everything😍
Extremamente relaxante esse tipo de vídeo
Okay but that chicken part kinda took me off
She's amazing 💞💞
Wary nice
imagining myself doing everything she did in this video is already tiring, I love u liziqi stay healthy gbu
感謝李子柒為我們用畫面講述了這麼美的故事。
love from Russia:) Watch you with two small daughters. We also want to live in the village! Hope this dream will soon come true/ Thanks for inspiration!
A. Otro. Perro. Con. Ese. Hueso
Okay, I wasn't going to eat today but now I feel like cooking. 😃
Kya ap 1 tho hindi me bhe bol kar you tube me bhe bol sakti hai pleas
Я  в восторге от этой девушки Браво вот с кого надо брать пример молодежи
I just love your videos 😍
This woman can build anything..
A house or a nation.. Bamboo sofa or humanity, a beautiful garden or integrity..
Obsessed with her videos... Can't stop watching her 😍
Kabul etmiyorum
She have a beautiful place full of garden near to nature. 😊
em là nước Việt Nam
(My heart aches for your hurt finger!) 心疼你手指受傷了！Thanks for another masterpiece production as usual. (像往常一樣, 感謝妳另一個傑作) 。
This happens when you can inspect and supervise your garden in night gown on the morning dawn because you have laboured your hardwork three months before!
Never assume a bamboo fence is fragile.
The middle of the fence is a concrete she covers with bamboos on both sides.

Who else finds her way of pouring water around her glass pickle jar is very satisfying?

Even though I don't know the purpose I still enjoy watching.

My daughter introduced me to her video when she first appeared on YouTube years ago and I fell in love with her life because I'm a farmer by passion.
I don't have access and skills and luxury she has but I pray to own a chilly land to satisfy my yearning within.
In her case, my yearning is her earning.
She owns the whole vast mountain.
She can take all bamboos and leaves to her wish.
Прелесть и девушка и то, как она делает! 👍👍👍💖☺
This has got to be one of the most interesting videos I've seen her do. All I could think was "now what is she doing?!".
ur grandma raised u so well. 


big respect to your grandma
Damai
Oh my god this lady has a huge amount of Patience
Athu sontham ah illai enn sonthamu nu theriyala
Let me just make a quick little basket out of a giant leaf for my mushrooms 😭 what I would give for a life like this
很精致的女孩。很向往这种田园风格的生活。每天自己种菜，采野菜，亲手制作美食。享受生活的同时，把生活过出了诗情画意。
OMG the English subtitles are the best thing that happened to me.  Keep it up. . .Please for the American. . ..
every other things are good but 13:59 ...
I respect her hard work.
Bridge between both arams
Девушка не обыкновенная- умничка. красавица. Хочется смотреть на нее и смотреть. Как бы хотелось  такую невестку. Счастья ей. удачи
I really enjoyed watching your activities.... Big hello from Algeria❤
Un sentido de la vida muy profundo gracias
Pasa
wow that leaves basket is amazing... 👍
too hard for me
昨天笫一次看到你的視頻～這是我看過那麼多視頻裡最棒也最真實的～妳真的非常優秀（這是我第一次給視頻留言）
Какая умничка. Без дела не сидит
李子柒给了我内心的平静，每次看完子柒的视频能让我感觉内心十分平和，谢谢你
Умничка!:)
I'm a half chinese and I love her lifestyle living. Everybody say "Sana All" 😂😂.
Me: i forget to bring basket while in the supermarket. Okay let's buy plastic! 😂
While Liziqi grab the big leaf and make it as basket. Anyways I don't know the name of the big leaf she makes. 😂😂
too busy cook it
First time I saw her use rice lol but damn she know's how to take to my happy place everytime I watch her channel 😍
老外喜欢看这个呀？身为农村人我都看不下去了！告辞
青山好美绿水也好美啊 ，人更好美啊！一方土地勤勤恳恳自给自足就是幸福！
Absolutely amazing.
勤勞的孩子,祝福妳一生无憂无慮,快樂的过每一个跟“一般人”不同的一天”！
THE CASUAL GIRLS ARE TOPGIRLS.UNO 
THREE IN ONE
YOUTUBE: THIS IS FINE.
SOMEONE: SAYS ''HECK''.
YOUTUBE: BE GONE
Life's story is a short journey so have fun before sleeping forever
#Чо #эт #делает #на #2 #месте #в #тренде
#однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков .#垃圾.
Damn!!!🙆🏻‍♀️🙆🏻‍♀️🙆🏻‍♀️ she's so hardworking 😭🙏🏻
Battle of brains venah elluthi ootalam
С такой внучкой бабулечка как в раю!)
Но уж больно тяжела крестьянская жизнь!не для всех...
Será que soi a única brasileira a ama estes vídeos 😁
I love watching your videos so satisfying
I am a son of God and a sibling of Jesus Christ. I am "THE KING OF KINGS" revelation 19:16. I brought the corona virus (God technology). "The end of the world" will be this year. Tell people. I told some already.
I like to see a lot, beautiful nature.  Cook good food useful
Oru call line udala history line udala
I really admire you miss liziqi.watching here PH 🇵🇭
She is officially my hero!
The life of all the fruits and vegetables always end their journey happily in Ziqi's belly.
我看了李子柒所有的视频，非常用心的作品，真是太棒了👏
Человеку не нужны никакие нанотехнологии и политика чтобы правильно и красиво жить .Нужна природа., трудолюбие и душа.Это и доказывает всему миру молоденькая красивая девушка.Благодарю Вас.
Enna theriyala
Прекрасная работа всей команды! Огромная благодарность за талант каждого! Удачи вам и в будущем!!
2 thanh kia biet minh la ai  chua ho
Очень милая девушка! Умница, талантлива во всём! Хочется, чтобы были комментарии на русском языке.
Very hard working young lady she knows everythings so Talented in cookings in   many dish.she is good and pretty too. Thank you so much.
Какая милая труженица. Пусть у неё всегда и все будет хорошо. Такие люди толкают на то,что хочется идти и творить. Спасибо тебе огромное 👍👍👍💖💖💖
Lo chum bi đi nhe
Терпение и труд,  красота в итоге
Awq buat apa tu
The beautiful life and also her character, beautiful girl.
Meraviglioso 😍
So talented  👍👍👍👍
Naan illai
If you are new here, here is absolutely everything you need to know about Liziqi ( Li Ziyi ): 
 
In 1990, Li Ziyi fell to the ground in Mianyang, Sichuan. Her parents divorced when she was very young. Later, her father died, and Li Ziyi became an orphan. His stepmother didn’t treat her well. Li Zizhen mentioned on Weibo that he had had a half-dead experience when his stepmother dragged her hair into the gutter and was beaten.
 
Grandpa and Grandma distressed granddaughter, and finally decided to take Li Ziyu home and live. When Li Ziyi was in fifth grade, his grandfather died again, and it was difficult for his grandma to raise her to continue school. At the age of 14, Li Ziyi had to drop out of school and go to the city alone to work hard, and began an 8-year wandering life. Her first life was very hard. She slept in a park chair and scratched her head for two months.
 
Li Ziyi has also worked as a waiter in a hotel, with a monthly salary of 300 yuan. In order to earn more income, she went to learn to play discs and sang in the bar. Later, when talking about the matter, Li Zizhen frankly said: “I didn’t say that I liked music at that time, just to live, I felt that it was well paid.”
 
In 2012, because grandma was ill once, Li Ziyi was worried that she would regret it later, throwing away all work and returning to grandma. “Being closer, I feel more at ease.”
 
After returning, Li Ziyi opened a Taobao shop, but the business has been up and running, and he barely eats. In 2015, under the influence of his younger brother, Li Ziyi was exposed to the short video platform Meipai. Until 2016, seeing that his younger brother had some fans on Meipai, and holding more fans can improve the mentality of Taobao business, Li Ziyi re-entered Meipai to prepare for his own video program.
 
The reason why she chose to shoot videos in this style is closely related to her childhood environment.
 
In an interview with the living room of Sina Club, Li Ziyi mentioned, “All these things that are self-sufficient in the countryside, for me, they are jealous. In the short video, she chose to start from the most familiar places.
 
In the beginning, Li Ziyi gave himself a topic called “Four Seasons Change, Eat While You Eat”. After the suggestion of Meipai editor, it became “Ancient Food” and it is still used today.
 
In September 2016, a new opportunity came quietly, which also became an important promoter for Li Ziyu to get more attention in the future. Sina Weibo began to openly search for more outstanding short video creators for resource support.
 
As mentioned at the beginning of the article, Liu Tongming brought her Weibo resources support.
 
One day in September 2016, Li Feng, an ancient short video blogger, accidentally received a private Weibo message from “Mr. L”. Mr. L expressed his love for Li Ziyu’s video content, felt that he had fulfilled his Taoyuan dream, and hoped to meet her.
 
For a long time after that, Li Ziyi received Mr. L’s private letter. “It would be a shame for such a good video to let this person see it. This is usChina’s proud traditional culture should be seen by people in China and around the world. “Mr. L said in a private message.
 
At first, after seeing these private messages, Li Ziyi didn’t care too much, even worrying about encountering a liar. Until one day, Mr. L came to the city where Li Zizhen was, and wanted to ask her to have a meal and talk. Mr. L’s politeness and clear logical thinking made Li slowly drop his initial alert.
 
This accidental meeting has completely changed the life trajectory of Li Zizhen. Not long after the meal was over, with the help of Mr. L, Li Zizheng was supported by a large wave of resources on Sina Weibo, accelerating her popularity and allowing Li Zizhen to rush into the queue of the net influencer on the head.
 
This experience is partly recorded in a diary of Li Zizheng that year. Some insiders close to the senior executives of Weinian Technology confirmed to Tencent’s “Shenwang” that the “Mr. L” is actually Liu Tongming, and his pseudonym was publicly reported. Daxiong Liu, the founder of Wei Nian Technology, an MCN company to which Li Zizhen now belongs.
 
On December 8th, the reading volume of a Weibo topic labeled “Is Li Ziyi a cultural output” climbed to 800 million. Li Zizheng was once again on the hot search list.
 
The video created by Li Ziyi and her has become a phenomenon worthy of study now.
 
Extensive overseas communication is an important reason for Li Zihuan’s renewed attention. Some people say that she has filmed a desirable rural life and spread the charm of traditional Chinese culture and cuisine. Others think that her video is not completely true To reflect China’s rural life.
 
Even the queries that have been popular since the explosion have been brought up again, such as being a DJ, being a rich second generation, whether the video is from my own hands, is there a strong push behind it, and the video is true for rural life It’s still just a fiction for character setting.
 
An insider of Weinian Technology told Tencent’s “Deep Web” that Li Ziyi was of ordinary origin, and the relevant video content was produced by Li Ziyi himself. The popularity was not the initiative of the company and himself. In fact, both Li Zihuan and the micro-reading team behind him were quite low-key, and they were very enthusiastic and declined all the current interview needs.
 
Until August 17, 2018, Li Ziyi’s eponymous Tmall store officially opened. Six days after going online, the store with only five products at that time had sales of over 150,000 and sales of over 10 million. A year later, the total sales of 21 products displayed in the Li Zizhen flagship store exceeded 1.3 million, with total sales reaching 71 million.
The value behind Li Ziyi’s IP is being quickly tapped.
 
Li Ziyi started from scratch and gained the first fans with his own strength. But now the popularity and gains of fame and fortune are obviously no longer just her achievements.
According to Tianyan search, “Deep Web” shows that MCN Hangzhou Weinian Technology Co., Ltd., which Li Ziyi belongs to, was established on February 28, 2013, with a registered capital of RMB 5.208 million. According to the introduction, Wei Nian is an entertainment entertainment company that incubates KOL into IP through short videos and extends to consumer brands.
 
The information of Qixinbao shows that there are more than 100 pieces of intellectual property information of the trademark “Li Zihuan”. The applicant companies are Hangzhou Weinian Technology Co., Ltd. The product categories include food, clothing, shoes and hats, dyes and fats, beer and beverages, Financial property management, catering and accommodation.
 
Not only that, Wei Nian also has inextricable links with Li Ziyu’s companies.
 
According to the eye inspection, Li Jiajia (should be the original name of Li Ziyu) established Sichuan Ziyu Culture Communication Co., Ltd. on July 20, 2017, and Wei Nian is its shareholder, holding 51% of the shares. Supervisor, Li Jiajia holds 49% of the shares.
 
According to other data, there are as many as 50 beneficiary companies behind Hangzhou Weinian Technology Co., Ltd., including Greenland Holdings, ZTE, Xinhua Media, Vanke, Light Media, etc. .
Among the shareholders of Weinian Technology, Sina Weibo is particularly eye-catching.
 
From Wei Nian Technology to Sina Weibo, Li Ziyi gradually has the best cards that internet celebrities are looking forward to.
In her own words, she changed from “a little transparent to a person who is so useless to society”. After entering the public view and being noticed by more people, Li Ziyi’s sense of responsibility has also become heavier.
“I want to do what I can to do more things that are good for society, such as the spread of traditional culture, non-heritage cultural craftsmen, and I want to show these old things to everyone so that more people know. Li Ziyi said.
 
Source: https://www.ww01.net/en/archives/33757
Song roi nen
I m in love with this girl 👩‍❤️‍👩 she is like an angel...i have no words, m just feeling like heavns !! Love from India ❤️
Just being able to make a basket out of a leaves on the spot is a huge flex to be honest.
Me: Ahh I want to take a bath
Sees Liziqi update
Me: Nevermind, my hot water can wait
自从第一次看过便义无反顾的爱上❤️绝对的铁粉💪看你的视频是一种享受😊吃饭时看口水都会咽的多一些😂😂😂
i like her very much, she's very hardworking and intellegent woman
NO1 CHAINA
I am so flippin American.😂I DREAM of living this way. GOALS.❤
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤠
Очень красивое видео! Девушка красивая!Очень интересно!Посмотрите,если хотите просто отдохнуть.
Good afternoon and good health to everyone. I am truly fascinated by the whole panorama and sequence of all the videos. I also want to thank the person in charge of all the filming because it is truly a clear and very professional shot. Thank you all for your valuable time. I love everything especially the landscapes and its people with the entertaining and beautiful animals.
i don't know who this lady is or what this is about, but it is by far the most soothing video i've watched today

i've finished watching, it was so beautiful and now i'm sleepy
She is Chinese or japanese
No necesitan un inquilino más en su casa ? 😍
Thanh nao đo tu nhanh minh đi nghe .đinh đe tao noi ra nghe
She is a princess of her own area.
She’s amazing, but the man behind the camera is doing an amazing job, he’s the hidden star
Admirable, linda mujer, rica comida
Ba nhu lam qhiec cho ba đi ba nhu
She very capable of doing anything ... good job
chào người đẹp
The wild mushroom so tasty
In Indonesia we called Jamur Barat
It’s amazingly peaceful to watch these vids but I keep wondering about flys 😶
Такая хрупкая, девушка и такие сильные руки...
To Li Ziqi:

I know many people doubt your abilities and capabilities of doing things on your own.
Many questions the content of your videos.
They doubt the integrity of your work.
Many branded you as liar,
even name-calling your work a propaganda.
But dear, please keep on doing what you do bests.
Ignore the harsh comments and focus on your work.
Don't let their doubt tarnish your kindness.
And their questions bring you down.

For all the people you've inspired to do their best.
To make something beautiful with their own hands;
To create a peaceful place filled with tranquility,
For someone you've inspired to start from scratch;
And for someone whose heart you've touched with kindness..
A single "Thank You" is not enough.

To someone who's doubting her knowledge and skills, be her videos, a reminder, that with hard work, patience, perseverance and knowledge, we can survive this cruel world.
We can create a world we dream of;
Instead of belittling her kindness and hardwork, let's try a bit harder to create something with our own hands.

There's a lot of informative videos where we can get inspiration. And this is one of them..

This isn't just about surviving,
but living the life all of us wanted.

Peaceful and tranquil.
Quiet and less noise.

Thank you for sharing your knowledge and skills...

With love,
From 🇵🇭
生活的書法， 真正的”自然而然”，謝謝你！
i van ngawi ve
Every time I'll always whatching your video ❤️❤️
Nghin thanh vao nhau chua
Me: I could totally live a life like that!!

Also me: * needs YouTube to go to sleep *
Amazing 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Nature and life, commitment, and dedication make us good virtuous. Blend with nature it offers you a wide range of accessories guaranteed to bring a smile to your face and inviting others to embrace the natural gifts free of charge.   Natural Life offers a wide selection of accessories guaranteed to bring a smile to your face. We can get so much inspiration by seeing her at work. Good luck to you.
Đinh quen ba đo lam gi em
Todo lo que hace me encanta
What ??
Appreciate much if there's English translation of the Chinese characters.
God bless you and your grandma Liziqi. You deserve everything you have and much more. Thank you for sharing with us all your hard work.
i feel so relaxed while watching this
Len truoc mat ba mui coi
Ziqi show us that women can do everything ❤
Veliyah kelu prize kuthu
實在了不起  太敬佩了  👍
如果有下輩子 想跟從在子柒仙姑身邊學習  😄
Мечта настоящий Бамбук взять в руки 🙏
Это рай такая гармония души и тела.
Me encanta tu canal me gusta lo q haces eres una gran mujer gracias x enseñarnos q las mujeres tambien podemos aser cosas q asen los hombres ...dios tebendiga ...de PERU..👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👏👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👏👏👏👏👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼❤❤❤❤
🍋정말 꿈꾸는삶이네요.
행복해보여요.보는내내부러웠습니다.
👍영상보여주셔서  감사합니다 🙏
👇
Smart lady and clean. You cook very calm and sure
No lo sé tengo sida
I got your notification at my workplace, I’m gonna play it..
My phone: It’s a bedtime peace baby. 
Now I’m in home and watching it and feeling so clam...
Чуть слюной не подавился!
Молодец какая девушка все умеет
Toi ngu truoc đay
Me : Sees a tree
Liziqui : That's my basket
tuliskan komentar publikkkkkkkk
每次看到子柒那熟练的手工，总是满满的心痛，经历了多少的艰辛才练出这些手艺
WOW!!!! She is good! 💯👍👏👏👏👏❤
Beautiful natural surroundings.
Dog haha
Обожаю её смотреть
Yyv
I feel so hungry watching it. I really miss the food in China
Liziqi is not just a you tube channel now. She is a brand 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
昨天吃黄瓜还在想会不会出一期黄瓜的一生，结果今天就有了
Excellent.... Magnifique !!!!!
Вот это девушка!!! Завидую тому чия она будет! Интересное видио.
Какая мастерская операторская работа! Природа -само умиротворение.Туман,грибы,завязь,пчёлки! Все ферментированные полезные продукты,как дома,и никаких городских поездок на работу...
Девушка какая сильная и старательная! Живет одна со старой прабабушкой в ущелье каком-то.Где вода для мытья посуды и купания?Вся посуда как новая.Забор-опора идеален,я удивляюсь,как одна она построить смогла так.
Только порода этих резиновых кур напоминает игрушки для собачек))из магазина.
Kamera super,operator bravo!
How blissful her life is.
Beautiful sharing. Very hard worke.u r awesome 🙏👍.love from India
A soil ball? I have never seen anyone growing cucumbers this way.
อุดมสมบูรณ์มากเลย คนก้อแสนจะขยัน เก่ง  ดินแดนที่งดงามมากคะ
انا من السعوديه معجبه فيك وفي كل شي تعملينه انتي طاقه ايجابيه رائعه اتمنى ان اعيش يومياتك لمدة شهر
From nature to nature 😴💚💚
اماكن جميلة واعمال رائعة ياريت في ترجمة نستمتع أكثر
buen video mi reyna, toy con 2 amigos, las queremos invitar a la ciudad, un amigo quiere con la abuela, el otro con usted y el otro con la gallina, saludos cordiales.
Home tour pls TT (if possible) I really like the way how you live.
Why do her videos get so many dislikes??? She’s amazing!!
I truly Like her😘 she did great works she's beautiful too🤗 hehe😁
THIS LADY  IS  SO COOL SHE KNOWS HOW TO DO  EVERYTHING  HERSELF  AND TAKING CARE OF HER  GRANDMOTHER.  DAMN  SHE MADE HUNGRY  AS HELL.  THAT  FOOD  REALLY LOOKED GOOD  YOU GO GIRL. WHAT  THERE  NOT TO  LIKE ABOUT THIS  VIDEO. 🙏🙏👌👍🏅🏅🏅👸❤❤❤❤
대박  너무 좋아요
U r inspiration fr m...I tried alot bt am always fail....bcm joke fr everyone....may b am not strong enough....not confident enough...but I really love nature... farming, historical things and cultural
She should be cast for a princess role in a Disney movie, she is so pretty! 😍😱
Какая красота
She's so hardworking😭 I'm worried if she had a back pain...
Vida boa e natural
Liziqi I really love your videos but it’s not cool to dig out mushrooms. You have to leave the roots for the new ones to grow.
Damn Ik she be taking all day just to cook some food 😭. I wish to totally just live off the land, but I wanna learn first so I’ll know what I’m doing. I think I’ll just start with a garden and go from there.
Ну ,вот что еще надо для счастья простого....а вот это и надо , то , что вы видете на этом видео .А этого как раз и нет ...
Красавица умница ❤👍👍👍Дай Бог хорошева жениха как ана трудолюбивова   а если  замужем Шастье удачи вовсем и прикрасных детей Поклоняюсь перед ее родителеми 🙏🙏🙏
看得流口水啊，在国外工作半年了，好想回国吃好吃的啊，希望疫情快点结束吧
Love it
中国文化的传播者
为全世界人民的了解、交流、融合打开一扇窗
诠释网红真正的定义，不是政客、明星、企业家……而是每个人都向往的平凡的田园生活。
治愈系
Fresh and Healthy food they have ...
She is more talented than the limits🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
احسن قناة على اليوتيوب❤❤❤✌
EVERYONE : WE ARE IN LOCKDOWN. 

LIZQI : LIVES IN A LOCKDOWN FREE VILLAGE
احب كل ماتقومين به وانا من اشد المعجبات بكي وبكل حاجه تعملها ارتاح نفسيا عندما اساهد المناظر الخلابة واتمنا زيارة الصين العظيمه تحيه لكي من عدن عاصمة جنوب اليمن تحيه
really relaxing
Love from India ❤️❤️❤️
The place is heaven and lady is so beautiful.
How can she work that hard and still look flawless.i would look like a mess
You are the queen of the world ❤❤
I like to live in a place like that it's better than the city you can be close to nature
Greetings I am Indonesian , I always watch your content💕
Таких в жизни уже мне встретишь. Красавица ,умница,рукодельница и по большей части молчит. Мечта!
Everything was just, just great lady
I very like your video🥰
Una chica guapa que siembra pepinos, va a recolectar hongos y sabe hacer todo tipo de comida muy sabrosa, ademas de preparar bebidas agradables para tomar al comer, que bien!
Come on, she's not an ordinary farmer, she's a pro....
I love how chinese vids dont even claim things to be theirs; while other asian countries such as japan always says "*Japanese* food" but Chinese culture is so original! We all know this ^^
Думала :посмотрю пару секунд, не смогла оторваться, так завораживает
Sometimes I feel , the grandma didn’t ever do so much for her ....what she does to her grandma . Literally.
Bravo 👍
Красавица!
Xem rất cuốn hút ạ..🥰🥰🥰
When you work that hard, you deserve to eat like a horse! 😍
what am I doing in the middle of the night watching movie about cucumber?
Heartwarming.... Thanks for the inspiration
Oh the sound of the rain! Wonderful!
Сделайте пожалуйста русский перевод!
I am in love!!
Every thing wonderful.how tired u feel at the end of the day😆What is the name of ur village, in which city, province and country?are these the traditional dishes
全國的農民應該學習李小姐，農村也可以變的美麗的安樂鍋。可以種多元化的食材。生活可改變的完美。
Perfecttttttt😍😍
Make a basket to carry the mushrooms, just like that! 
And then there was an unsuspecting chicken... nice, with mushrooms, cucumbers, hot peppers and what not...
Que trabalho lindo!❤️
This lady is out of this world! I wish I was as lucky as her to be in such a beautiful place and with so much peace 💗😍😘
She is so talented girl
Lugar maravilhoso 👏🇧🇷
Wow wonderful artistic channel.
l would love to live here ❤️❤️❤️❤️ l saw too many wars maybe l can someday find peace in such place
Wow, beautiful garden and amazing cooking skills, enjoyed this video lots
Esto es de otro mundo! Ella es espectacular!
Nice work
У меня просто слов нет одни эмоции.  С этой девушкой как будто в  сказку попадаешь.  Сколько гармонии во всем что она делает, просто чудо какое-то! . Дай бог ей и её бабушке здоровья и долгих лет жизни ! Какая музыка умиротворяющая на фоне звуков природы! Спасибо каналу за прекрасные ролики!
Cuộc sống bình dị thích quá
那碗鸡丝凉面真的把我看饿了。虽然我刚吃完午饭。
I’m so addicted to this channel.. I love very much their place, near in the mountain, there’s a lot of trees..  It’s my dream to live somewhere like that. That source of water where she washes her ingredients is sooo cute. I love her kitchen, her traditional food storages and utensils, her homegrown fruits and vegetables omg its so amazing. And that earthen oven,  I’m so impressed that I really really wanted to taste everything she bakes in there.
Tudo muito lindo, parabéns pelo trabalho.
Lots of Love From Iraq *_^
週圍都有不同季節的瓜果花草包圍著還有可愛的寵物陪伴。好開心喔！😀😀🤗
Great job
Your grandma just make me miss my grandma in hometown lol 😫😭
Fantástico 👏🇧🇷
Она удивительный человек!!! 🤣🤣🤣
What she cant do? She is amazing
每个动作都那么娴熟。内行。完全来自生活的积累。好姑娘。太美了。
Very nice👏
It looks very enjoyable.
Porque no describe o da el nombre de los ingredientes?
Me: I forgot to bring something to carry the mushrooms..... Folds up bottom of shirt to hold mushrooms😒
Liziqi: I forgot to bring something to carry the mushrooms....... grabs a palm and makes a basket😁
обожаю сыроежки
i think people who are vegetarian they dislike the video coz it hurts. this message is for u liziqi
Wait...did the meatballs come from the puppy? Notice the two puppies in the Spring, then later  puppies in the Fall. The sound of the chicken being slaughtered, to the quick camera shot of one puppy to a plate of meatballs.
hola  heres  una persona  con muchas cualidades  me encantaria  conocerte ,radico en peru
Con.gai rat gioi .Can cu va sieng nang .Neu co ay chua lap gia dinh .Ai cuoi duoc co ay ve lam vo thi qua la may man .Nguoi cuoi duoc co ay chac da tu than tich duc nhieu lam .
One smart intelligent lady everything is hard work looks easy
Greate Paradise on earth Gods bless this place
She lives in real Heaven.
For me she's a princess
10/10 as always
Is there also a vegan lifestile film available ?
I think🙄! She can even cook a stOne and turn into a spicy meatballs....
Привет. Все прекрасно но каждый раз шенята меняются, выглядит странно.
I am sure that liziqi lives in a village where there is no lockdown so happy village
Gente, tô apaixonada nos vídeos dessa menina! Parece com minha família, quando estamos em Minas Gerais! Saudações do Brazil💓💓💓💓💓💓🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Looks like heaven on earth😍 would love to have a garden like this
Very nice video.i'm from sri lanka🇱🇰🇱🇰🇱🇰
Liziqi amazing videos, everything you doing is great, mostly expending time with your precious grandma, bless you guys
นี่คือความสุขที่แท้จริง
No one: 
Literally no one:


My brain: Liziqi please adopt me!!!
I love this channel. I learn so much of how to be self sufficient 🥰
She is amazing!!!
Love from Brazil 🇧🇷
Nice😍😍😍😍
Such a wonderful life. Beautiful food. Naturally living in harmony with the world.
I love your plant
很多年了，我小时候家里育苗，棉花苗和玉米苗就是这样子做的。
I just love your Channel.  The videos you post are so beautiful and filled with great ideas for the Garden. Thanks for sharing.
Liziqi I m from all India I love to see your videos .you are very hard working and intelligent girl.your knowledge of herbs and plants and agriculture is so good.i really appreciate your work.keep it up God bless you.
Se veía buena esas comidas, aunque creo, aparte del pollo, lo demás no sé qué era.
The way she made a container from leaves to carry mushroom is really appreciation. You have to learn everything to survive in this uncertain world.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
My next life I wanna be the grandma...
Oh my goodness, everything about this video is simply breathtaking!
李子柒的视频是油管华语区难得的净土，一直没有被政治所污染。希望不管是爱共的还是反共的在这里都能克制一下，不要把那些东西带过来
Mi sueño es llegar a ser como esta chica.
真是太完美的女孩，祝福妳
welcome this is same to my culture...from india manipur
تستاهل 13مليون مشترك مو طبيعية هالبنية
❤❤❤❤
I'm really like the sound and now really miss my vilage, family, and my dogs. thanks for video
All the talent that she has comes from the father of heaven who gave to men on earth. 
Read bible everthing is  there .
Оте керемет!!!!!
The people who dislike her videos are weird
Marvellous
No wonder she got so many subscribers
≪Li Ziqi's creative notes about this video≫ (selected excerpts)　　　Life is limited, so let's live on what you like. On the premise of being healthy, eat and drink whatever you like, and enjoy yourself every day.
Dear you, love your family and be kind to yourself.　If you care about your health and weight, as long as you move more and work more, you don’t need to think about how to lose weight.
.
.
original
≪李子柒关于本视频的创作笔记≫（部分摘选）
可是，人就活这一辈子啊。在健康的前提下，想吃就吃，想喝就喝，想乐就乐…… 过好每一天。
所以，我亲爱的你们。好好爱自己，爱家人，对自己好一点。别动不动就是减肥！减啥肥啊！多动点不就完了吗！
Прям, сол жакта омир сургим келип кетти , бир сатке.
Ziqi, you're beautiful!
❤️❤️👍
Что это за огромный фрукт виде груши?
She is not a normal GIRL, she is super GIRL machine. 
If in this World hav full of girls like liziqi, it ll bloom green new world.
Me:  I forgot a basket.. oops... lets head back to home
Meanwhile.... 
Li ziqi :     sees leaves
               lets make one 😂😂
Top. U heeft de tuinhek zelfs gebouwd. Ongelooflijk. Sorry voor mijn Nederlands.
11:20 I'm impressed with the way she do like this
Lovely views of nature extremely friendly with mankind. And girl you did outstanding job. GOD BE WITH U... TC
Watching her gives me so much peace 😌
I wish i’ve this Women in my life....!.....
Thanks for making videos! 🙏💚
Great video. Make me hungry
17:00 : "Ooooh she's making crepes like in France, like in Bretagne !"
17:20 : "Is she really...no she isn't... omg she's putting savoury ingredients in it. Sacrilege."

Les bretons en sueur.
Me encantan tus videos!!!!! Haces de todo y fenomenal!!!🌹💞
Вот она красивая жизнь, натуральная...! Фильм отличный! 👍👍👍
Пока смотрела желудок заболел ... Очень остро все и жирно
what amazing girl,your skills inspire all women especially me. keep up the good work
Awesome.
When she shows a chicken.. She's gonna cook one!
wow, I've been in horticulture a while but my brain just exploded.   I love the use of all natural materials and using mud-made 'seed bombs' that we often use in reforestation projects for cucumber germination and seedling care.   
Please please please write down your recipes;  I would love to try them.  Is that some kind of vinegar in the jar with the peppers and cucumbers?  Does it have soy sauce or some other type of sauce?
Hermosa comida y muy saludable ,  quiero aprender hacer todos esos platillos , ya tengo un pequeño huerto de verduras , soy de México y me gusta mucho esa comida tan rica. Felicidades para quien la cocina 😘
❤
This Lady is a Chef, a Farmer, a landscaper, a Carpenter, a Basketmaker.. so full of ingenuity. She is so incredible it blows my mind.. am in AWE!! Nuff Respect to you Liziqi.  You inspire me. Keep on Inspiring. Be blessed. 🙏🏽
I saw this video , I fell Rexall and motive
Okay the basket ! Now she’s just showing off holy moly ! 😅😅
Me encantan esos Videos de Japón de sus comidas de su cultura como siembran sus alimentos es genial me gustaría hacer lo mismo algún día pero imagínense soy pobre y no tengo las posibilidades pero lo puedo ver aunque sea por video muy bonito me encanta se ve rica la comida 🥘
I wanted to nap after watching her work this hard!
Estou amando seus vídeos, eu fico super feliz de vê você toda empoderada. Você me inspirar Liziqi😍
Impresionante 👏👏👏
A very smart way to live.Back to Eden !
Love everything about your videos!
Traducir al español
12:20 FINALLY SOMETHING I CAN RELATE TO😂😂
She is incredible! I have a small garden and chickens and would love to be on her level someday. If only lol
These mushrooms she collected are the ones that termites are cultivating. They can exist only by feeding off of their excrements. So, if you see these mushrooms, there are definitely homes of termites underneath. These mushrooms can grow up to 60 cm in diameter. Sometimes even one meter. :O
😍🥰👍
Wspaniała młoda pracowita kobietka 😄👏❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💐
She be like : gotta grab mushrooms from the forest today ,should I take a basket to carry them?  Nah I'll make one
Me: *cracking egg with a spoon in both hand about take 5 min*😫
Liziqi : *with fingers in 0.0001 sec*😙 16:46
You are amazing! Love from Poland :)
Представляю как все вкусно получилось.👍👍👍
Wow😍😍😍😍😍👍👍👍
I want to go there and work on their farm, eat, and appreciate the majestic beauty.
Bravo
Me: I want to get a better sleep schedule!
Also me at 5 am:
Maravilhoso
This is an answer to those who consider women as physically weak.
¡¡Me encantan sus videos!!
我真的很喜欢您的所有视频，太棒了，祝一切顺利，祝一切顺利。
I love you hard work
Keren bngt liziqi, mengerjakan sesuatu yang ga biasa perempuan kerjakan👍
Very sophisticated  filming...done to look simple...but not
Aside from me, is there filipino out there who always watches liziqi's beautiful, creative and amazing content?  

Swerte mapapang-asawa neto ni liziqi. hehehe
A hard working beautiful kind granddaughter!! She is more than perfect human being and you don’t find it in the city!!! 👏🏻👍👏🏻😘
Maravilhosa! Pra quê sacolinha de plástico se podemos fazer uma cestinha com uma folha?
New sub💞🇳🇬
que dedicação a cultura milenar e linda
👍👍
Watching this video makes me feel like I'm wasting the air that I breath because I'm just so useless.
leave everything !🥺 what a peaceful life she has ♥️♥️💗
Beautiful ❤️ really amazing idea and method
ชอบ​ผู้หญิง​คน​นี้​จัง​🥰💗
I love your place😊 I wish I could make our home like yours. Simple yet very refreshing and natural
uggghhhhhh im so sick of my boring life...liziqi, please hire me to help you😅😅
I was in a rage, I had murder craving and one day one my recommendation one the liqzi video, first time I didn't look but the video intrigued me, so one day I see it and that's was the revelation, life is a gift from god(s) or yours parents(I respect all religion) and nobody is supposed to be able to steal this gift

Thanks to you Liqzi I didn't screw my life up

(love from France)
So beautifully done.  Picture is definitely worth a thousand words.  Very informative. Loved it.
\
I'm going through unrequited love, and it's killing me.
At least I have 19:50 minutes of peace.
I want to go to ur place and experience the life that u have...its so amazing..the place was breathe taking and the food all in there...i hope someday or even from my dream im there...im a big fan of u...everything that u do i like it....u make me dream while im watching u..
Watching Liziqi = my bedtime routine 😴
maen 👍
I really love the containers you're using. Where did you get them?
🥰
Who notice a bandaid in her finger....take care of you ...."the world most precious lady"
What more could anyone ask for..
Great living.
Bom dia pra você, que maravilha é muito lindo, tudo ai um abração bjs fica com Deus ele é fiel.
Chinese like food with a lot of soup from my observation
Estou impressionado com tudo que ela faz a culinária nota 10...
Nice life
No one:
Me: the puppies are so cute
I love the way on how she works💜💜💜
Amazing views with such amazing recipes. Loved your way of cooking 
#kiyarabose
his my dream life it's so nice even it's hard but the nature and the beautifull trees and flowers and montain eveithing is the best gift from our god🌳🌳🌹🌼🌺
Increíble 😊
у. нее. наверно.  миллион. женихов.   красивая. работящая. сто. лет. тебе. жизни. счатья. тебе
Me day 1: imma grow sum cucumbers
5 mins later: i give up
What an amazing beautiful vid....u go girl!...what a hard worker!
TRUE FACT : MANY PEOPLE ARE WATCHING THIS LYING ON THE BED.
The cameraman ladies and gentleman,the cameraman ...
A round of applause
La vida soñada. Hermosas tomas, hermosos paisajes, hermosa sobriedad y deliciosos alimentos .todo es tan limpio y puro.  Gracias por compartir este material
i bet she built her own home
I will be so lucky to have a sister like  you :)
Ba lam qua het tien cua ba do .binh tinh lai di
Who else clicks on Like before actually watching the video? 😂
Lo haces ver tan sencillo y armonioso, vivir y dejar vivir, con tu entorno y la naturaleza. Saludos cordiales desde Lebu Chile
Pengen nyicip Ya Allah. Kayaknya sehat banget pola hidup dan makanannya :')
Cantik cerdas dan pintar
Müthîş bir yetenek....Doğa  ve Hayvansever  on parmağinda on marifet  hayranlikla izliyorum..Bu yàsta her türlu bilgi ve beceriye sahip kutluyorum.Ve  hıc bir şeyi ziyan etmiyorlar israf sıfır....
Cannel terloveeeeeeee
亲爱的朋友，我一直很友善，我希望我的心脏与您的家人和平相处，也与这美丽的大自然交融，我在这里着迷于这么多美丽的工作
Someone tell me where I can work on a farm like this for the summer because that would be the time of my life
Love this video,  healthy living,  and no I'm not eating junk.
я  много.  видел.  работящих.  людей. но. таких.  никогда
Que trabajadora el que no trabaja no come saludo desde México.
She will be the Greatest Wife.
Thinking to myself: why greedy Men wish tô destroy such a so creative simple beautiful life? people?...
Why?!?!?!
UMA VERDADEIRA DESCOBERTA. IMAGENS IMPRESSIONANTES. GOSTEI MUITO.
Im working as an ehailing driver. After all this corona covid19 things, finally after 5 months, today i can drive again and looking for income. But, unfortunately...i got an accident today. And my car totally ruined. Luckily, i just got some bruises here and there. And i need to wait for another 1 month approximate till my car getting repaired after claimed my insurance. The finance is getting worst...i just lost hope..But after watching Liziqi video, i feel calmed. It give me hope. Im going to be patience, getting stronger...and faced it all...sorry for my bad english skill...tq Liziqi.
Que jovencita, bonita y  trabajadora, se antoja todo lo que cocinas. 🍜
Gardening  the food of life - beautiful video.
Merci, merci, merci ...
What a beautiful lifestyle.
Nice
"My house burned down"
"Oh no! What happened?"
"I just built another one"
Simplemente GENIAL.
one year, a few senior boys got 3 chickens and released them into the school. but they labeled them 1, 2 and 4. the teachers spent hours looking for chicken number 3.
genius
Beautiful video❤️
Sendingvyou support fr Phils.
The lie of parents to child: 
Just eat it, I'm not hungry. 

The lie of child to parents:
Just eat it, it's too much I can't finish it.

Hmmm sorry for my broken English hope u can understand it~
i wonder who's taking her video🤔..it's really nice! seems like she has a team who edits it as well😊👍
Bueno en mi país Ecuador también existen lugares así...como la Sierra ecuatoriana..pero está mujer supera a las de mi patria...pues ellas también trabajan así..y al mismo tiempo cultivan también..de todo hacen..que bello todo
May truoc toi canh cao co be ly roi ma .gio nay kg lam sao duoc 
Sao toi chuyen voi ly duoc
She is kinda funny girl.I like her everything the way she make food is really amazing.love from India.
You are very beautiful and multitalent
I have watched it for two years without commenting on any videos
It's amazing...see us everything ...and cannot words...it's so much work...congratulations
when you forget to bring a basket so you just...make one...
I just found yourvideo just few days ago,, such a dream, peaceful, healthy life with great atmosphere.
Mille bravos Madame. 👍🇫🇷
Умница!
Woww....walaupun bukan hidup dibandar tapi cara hidup mereka sungguh mengkagumkan, mereka banyak berdikari sendiri dari hasil tanaman.....saya rasa sungguh bahgia sekali melihat kehidupan mereka....lagi satu, budak perempuan tuu....menpunyai kekebihan yang luar biasa...pandai dalam segala hal, syabas saya ucapkan.....seronok saya tengok vidoe nii...rasanya mcm nak duduk kat sini jerr...sbb suasananya yang aman dan tenang.👌👍👍✌
Super
Who is the lucky man to married her as she make life so precious.
Nothing in this world is more calm than this during this pandemic disease 💖
Não entendo nadinha ,mas sinto prazer de vê lá cozinhando
Buon gen luon chu .troi oi ky da.ba goi lam chi da
She's not a simple person
She's out of the world
ステキ‼️
李子柒就是穿越了也饿不死    技能太多了
Q lugar mas hermoso. 😘
Faz um vídeo mostrando todo o terreno que vocês tem
心靈手巧的子柒。
Cô ấy thật giỏi và thật khỏe, làm tất cả các công việc nặng nhọc mà đàn ông từng làm như chặt cây, vác cây, cuốc đất,   khoan tường, trồng trọt,.. với thân mình mảnh mai mà làm những việc như vậy thật ko tưởng. Bàn tay cô ấy chắc chai sần rồi nhỉ!
She is so talanted
When we watch the video, our minds are clear!
When we watch the video, our minds are clear!
When we watch the video, our minds are clear!
When we watch the video, our minds are clear!
Lovely...I admire this Lifestyle
每次看你的視頻心都會靜下來很棒!!也很羨慕妳每天過得很充實，做自己喜歡的事享受其中真好
努力是會讓人看見了，永遠支持妳真的不用因為少部分的人而難過真的，做自己才是最幸福的
Wonderful work by a wonderful girl.
Estou tentando fazer no corredor de mha casa parabéns.
She is the best cooking  of  the China   🇲🇴🇨🇳
Boa noite!!!! Que moça  prendada.Parabéns
Super 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹👌Liziqi
Love you Li. You  are beautiful talented gorgeous , hard working divine . an inspiration to us all. An ambassador to your people and to human kind. The way you treat creatures , nature humans is truly beautiful. YOU ARE THE WORD BEAUTIFUL. My wife is jealous of  you because I always have smile on my face when I am watching one of your masterpieces, but it is a different kind of love. Please dont forget your non Chinese speaking fans , we need subtitles.
I suddenly miss my childhood. Our old house is also surrounded by bamboos and big trees. Just sharing 😅
What else she cannot do
? This woman is have skill and amazing and will survive anywhere.
น้าทานมากครับเอฟชีประเทศไทยครับ
I always see a ton of people wanting this lifestyle in the comments. You CAN have it. It's called homesteading. There's a metric giga ton of info on it all over the place if you know where to look. Animal husbandry, gardening, foraging, building/construction, preservation of food, butchering live stock, pretty much anything you can think of that people used to do that we don't bother with anymore. For the folks in North America the old Farmers Almanac and Mother Earth News are great places to start to give you an idea of what Homesteaders do.
Wow
2020 has been a really tough year for all, but Liziqi really brightens up my day and brings abit of positivity to my life. I love my life here in China and wish every one a happy life.  Thank you Liziqi
Woww..I am plant lover..food looks very yummy
Tutto e formidabile quello che rirsce a fare questa ragazza,la calma e la sua semplicità, ogni uomo vorrebbe una donna così
Giỏi quá
Hidup yg indah menyatu dgn alam👍👍👍
Please make by new videos
Смотреть одно удовольствие!!!😍 Красивая природа, невероятные блюда, работа с такой любовью и усердием. Благодарю!
Her cuisines look so delicious
After watching all her videos, now i'm curious about the behind the scenes. Like how she plans what to plant because of course the days of its growing is different, how she sets up her camera and more interations with grandma  because because they're so cute ❤
Неужели еще есть места, где вот так все растет и плодоносит без химикатов.
Looks so yummy I bet ur a great cook
Cantik cerdas dan pintar
哇阿~那個地方真是太美了啦~而且這個姑娘也太厲害了，人長得美，手又巧👍👍
An vay no roi .giuon đeo ma em yeu
I just love how relax you are grabbing fruits vegetables and the way you are with your Grandmom God bless you
Amo esto.
Es lo más bello que han visto .mis ojo... que sabia está mujer que útil..yo no soy ni la mitad de ella....por eso es tan bella y el lugar donde vive hermosísimo.. que envidiable
中国有句古话：“临渊羡鱼，不如退而结网”。
Inspirational❤
Xinh và đảm đang
李子柒加油！对中国文化的传播贡献简直太大了！
This was my favourite childhood videos
Просто чудо не
Ожидала такое
Увидеть быстро и
Ловко со всем
У правилась без
Мужчины
Kereeen..
Liziqi goes out and can distinguish between all of those mushrooms. I see a mushroom and to me it looks like...a mushroom.
kamu cantik pintar pasti jadi rebutan cowok sayang aku orang Indonesia gak tahu bahasanya tapi maksudnya paham
不管是否有團隊幫忙 小丫頭零㓉手腳的幹活 就是讓人賞心悅目 話說回來 我們也該學學穿著打扮做農活 應該也是一件漂亮事喔
Since Taiwan and China are different countries and their cultures are very different. Seeing this film, you can feel the freshness of other countries’ cultures, and hope that the friendship between the two peoples will last
145k views in 30 minutes! We love you ZiQi ☺🥰. Wouldnt know where I would be without your videos, it's one if the most beautiful and pleasant channels/content on YouTube.
Keren banget masakannya sehat-sehat kayanya enak banget hampir sama dengan di indonesia...i like...
Thank you liziqi u r strong women evry thing is cool except the food 🇩🇿
who does eat all the food?
史上最強的女孩厲害佩服啊~
Troi oi lai nua roi .ba mui lay tien tiec
Her tradition, culture especially  her cooking  style entirely  different from any youtube channel hats off lady 💙
生活非常愉快，我想在這樣的地方
Beautiful  woman ,   beautiful  life  !
Wow even women work endlessly
Increíble como siempre, un canal como este nos acerca a China y su cultura  apreciandola mucho más, gracias por tus videos tan instructivos, ojalá pongas subtítulos en Español también.
Moi qhat xong con goi dien cho chu tich nua ha vui ha
Everytime I see grandma, she reminds me of my late mother. Your video brings such comfort to me. Sending a lot of love from New Jersey!
This is a hell of a cooking lesson.
Beautiful ❤️
А суп вообще , балтушка какая-то
Приготовка пищи по принципу- всё полезно, что в рот полезло. Всё что дома есть плюс то что нашла- всё в рот.
🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🌸🌿🌸🌿🌸🌿🌹🌸🌿🌹🌿🌸🌿🌸🌿🌸🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🇫🇮🌹🌿🌹🌿🌹🌿🌹🇫🇮suomi.ei.ole.kukkien.paratiisi.osalla.puutarhassa.on.vähän.ruusuja.suomi.ei.ole.kukkiren.paratiisi😢😢😢😢😢
She worked whole heartedly.. I'm blessed to see her and every learning things from her... Lots of love ♥️
GIVE TO NATURE WHAT IT'S DESERVE, THE RETURN COME IN DOBLE. EXCELLENT VIDEO.
Liziqi- You are amazing and I love watching all of you work.  You are an inspiration.  I know this is asking for too much - would you be able to put recipes or ingredients for the food you make.  It all looks so delicious and I would like to try it too.  No worries if you don't.  Be blessed
Oh and the sequence....chickens pecking in the yard......cut to scene of dancing flowers with squak in the background....then back to scene of chicken being prepped for the pot. Great humor, point taken. Watching her videos is the best film making class you can take.
She is a master of all and as beautiful as the nature is... She is a nature Girl.
Abundance of food yet still murdering animals, sort of defeats the purpose of the paradise you live in .
She definitely have the skill on the doing those thing, but I can't believe the amount of people think this is real farmer life and she only have a assistant and a camera man.
هاي مو فتاة واحدةتعادل الف فتاة من النايمات للظهر وكلش يلزمنة يذبن بالبيت علي ابو  هذا عتيق وخربان الله يرحم امهاتنا وجداتنا
I love watching you and your grandmother enjoying the food together at the end💕well deserved.
Try cutting the mushrooms at the base. It leaves the root and potential mushrooms for the same spot.
Could be less work for you as well
What a wonderful young lady.
CHI GIỎI  QUÁ
I love the little mud balls for planting, genius 👌
非常漂亮。我想住在那里。
Fēicháng piàoliang. Wǒ xiǎng zhù zài nàlǐ.
The love and care she has for her grandmother is so admiring and it brings tears to my eyes. ❤️ BEAUTIFUL VIDEO
Enak sekali suasananya,ini di desa?tepatnya dimana ya?si linglinya sepertinya cekatan dan sdh terbiasa berkebun👍👍👍
Love it
Pra quê matar? Estragou o vídeo
李子柒，你把你家弄得像仙境一般的漂亮看起來心裡特別舒服自然。
Boa
Her life is perfect ❤️❤️❤️❤️ i wanna go back my childhood time..i was doing same her ,☺️ i love planting .. i love farming ,i love mountain 😍😍😍
Belleza de mujercita!!!!💜💜
I really enjoy her video like this,it's so creative,motivational, and inspiring to people in a positive way.I have no idea why are there 4.5K dislikes on it,probably the male chauvinism issue here.
Beautiful lady with much talent and beautiful place seems like live in the heaven,I like its.
♥️👏👏👏
Lo q no m gusta de este video es matar a la pobre gallina ...Las gallinas son para poner huevos y reproducir no matarlas
Невозможно оторвать взгляд
qhat 3 trieu nua di .sao ba goi cho ba kia lam chi da
She is so beautiful. And the talent she have is amazing. The editing skills of this channel is awesome.
너무예쁘다...❤
she does look like working outside a lot her skin is so fair !
✴ ⓦⓞⓦ ✴ⓐⓜⓐⓩⓘⓝⓖ💯
sao mà nể phục cô gái này ghê,,,xem đi xem lại 1000 lần rồi
เหงาไปจังเนาะพี่สาว
She is is in close relationship with the beautiful nature! The video has a calming effect and the environment is so picturesque. The food she made are so simple, healthy, colorful!  I really want to have a taste of it!
She's so strong I'm impressed
Xinh đẹp lại còn đảm đang mọi việc.rất hâm mộ và yêu em nhiều ❤
She's a real trophy wife. Smart,talented, beautiful and hard working.
Красота и красавица лесная фея
Poli
When she was walking through her garden one could see in her face how proud she is of herself
One of my favorites
liziqi you have been such an inspiration to me with your strength and will and the calm love you perform each task with no matter how laborious! i began my journey with the land last spring and i see myself emulate your energy and attitude on a sub-conscious level! i hope we can all learn practical skills and live in peace and love with the earth
Muy trabajadora la chinita 👌🏻
Liziki. I'm amazed watching this vedeo. How beautiful is this place. Where is it?
Kh an nua .
Hope one day l will be here with my famly...insya allah💚
Hay
Beautiful and talented young lady that deserves every bit of her current success! ❤️💯
Oh,my goodness,amazing,amazingly, wow,
Aduh...masakannya nikmat....sekali👍👍👍👍
Bat qhup lanh ha
竹の塀を作るとこ初めて見ました。細いのに、次から次へといろんなことして、すごい体力だな😳と思います。塀の中も外も美しい楽園ですね。おばあさんと二人暮らしだと食べきれないほど収穫😳💦日本だと梅雨とか、湿気で野菜や花にカビがついたり、害虫に食害されたりするのですが、大丈夫なんですか⁉️あれだけの花や野菜を管理できるなんて、すごいです😧
What happened to your finger
вы такая приятная, трудолюбивая девушка, очень приятно смотреть, спасибо за ролики 🥰
That looks so good
Süper maşallah ,,🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷💖💖💖🥀🥀🥀🥀💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀🥀
Perfect until cutting the poor chicken! She didn't even care. Cruel!
The entire time I thought this video was about the life of a concubine. And here I thought where can I find a concubine make all those yummy dishes? Oh those wishful dreams.
عرب؟!!
my favorite part to always watch is when she eats together with her grandma ^-^ reminds me of my grandparents
Id like to see uncle roger react to this awesomeness
The planning she did for the video is simply breathless. One video took many days even months to be shoot.. can you imagine that... the diligent you need to have to stick to the schedule and shoot it.. All those preparation... I think her team must have shot multiple videos on the same days... since you know, the growth of those plants and vegetables is not easy to be replicated once it missed the timing...
Amazing Beautiful..🤗🙏🏻👍🏻💙💜🥰
How beautiful is the field, right?
tanto que come y tan flaquita
每次也會見到不同的小狗，成長了的狗狗呢？
p.s.影片好好看，讓我學到各種知識，謝謝😚😘🥰
Ảo
I live in a big city I watch her and I feel peaceful and I love cucumbers so much thank you for sharing ❤️😄😄🌹
Beautyful! 🌷 🌸 🌹 🍀 🌾
مشاء الله لا قوة الا بالله ... سبحان من سخر الكائنات للانسان
faked out!!!
小时候，我们把这两种瓜是分开名称的，一种叫黄瓜（老黄瓜），一种叫青瓜（黄瓜），现在竟然语言贫乏了。另：如果现在的黄瓜（青瓜）老了应该叫什么？
Slow living
Shes wonderful... I've learned so much from her❤
Beautiful. ...😙😍
Beautiful
i think i have never seen a woman so hard working
Чудо чудное, диво дивное))) она , как из сказки про Василису Прекрасную, умеет всё. Так успокаивают  её  миниатюры про жизнь.
Mantap....👍👍👍hidup selaras dgn alam...
Con razón es tan bella
Привіт з України .   В нас іде війна з Росією. Ми жили , працювали , плекали своїх дітей,а той ізверг Путін напав на нас мирних, працювитих людей...зайшла на ваш канал і хвилина вашого життя принесла мені задоволення, дякую, що ви такі є.
Liziqi さんの動画は もう芸術作品ですよね。うっとり して観てるだくで『なんて素晴らしい❗』しか言葉が出て来ないてす。知っている野菜や花ばかり。Liziqi さんに不可能なことが ないのでは？ 夢の中の出来事みたい...
Slow living
she should open a class for those who wants to learn how to plant, cook and all, if there is a class she make, i would love to come😭❤️
Kaiyae vaikala
Wru.......... What happened to u
Nothing is impossible with miss Liziqi, thank you for this lesson.
Ligiqi can I you frinds
100 ku hair pick ppothumantahu
Liziqi the perfect definition of perfection.
So glad to for me discovering this channel today.
Em oi
Turşu
Everything you made just look so good😙and always have table full of food.
OAO
Len chua ha
Чудо ,созданное природой,такая же красивая,как и все что она делает вокруг себя,и эта бабушка рядом с ней выглядит феей,просто красота во всем!🤗
🙄🙄
Hated it
Какая классная посуда! глаз не отвести от всех этих горшков, банок, корзин
Athae maari avan space angah
Ki korcho
My dear Liziqi, I was almost ready to eat mud meatballs! Love from Italy❤
I am soo in love with her grandma. I want a grandma like her grandma. Grandma is so cute.
Subtitulos por favor !!!!!!!
Everytime i watch her vlog this is what comes in my mind "A definition of strong independent woman"
I love those colors of the food the oils makes them good.she eats h as rd as she works.
😘😘😘 minha 🌟 liziqi, namastê
Mmmm everything looks delicious, Im always wonder whats the real time that it takes you to prepare all those dishes. You should make a video about desserts in china. Grettings from Mexico.
i love your work
For those who don't know--She has been an internet celebrity in China for  a very long time. There are lots of food under her name brand. She made a lot of money. Why would some people feel sorry for her. I  tried a few food items of her brand. To be honest, it was OK to me. Maybe something else I haven't tried is good.. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Li_Ziqi_(vlogger)
I would love to see this country and dining with this family with my family.
very smart&skillful girl..keep up my girl..loves from Malaysia
when i watch your vdo make me feel good ><
Li Ziqi Guniang, Ciayoo .. I really like your content. live in a very peaceful village. I Like seeing ancient life. Keep working hard ...

From Yue Liang
(Indonesia🇮🇩)
Wow! My dream life
Wow, u r amazing girl in tha world 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
She dine like a King n live like a sage... Wt an inspiration... Just watching her video soothes my soul
🇧🇷❤️😘
The camera man has a  good skill... 
Awesome....
She is talented and a beautiful inspiring lady who can fill the powerful energy to everyone who sees this video. I really like it.
I am actually scared now.

(The chickens) but i love the rest lol 😆😭
this granny is having the best life, for having the best granddaughter no one could have
I get tired to live in America now I feel like to go back to Thailand and live like this
Конечно у нее золотые руки и железное спокойствие, но кто нибудь помогает ей с тяжелой работой? Мнк кажется она сильно устает.
Вы большая труженица.Восхищаюсь Вами.
Good job!
Love from Bangladesh 🌼
Это в какой же стране такая умница ,  красавица живёт? Райский уголок,  всё для жизни есть,  не ленись работай  в  удовольствие. Смотрела видео с наслаждением! Люди, не губите природу , живите с ней в гармонии!
♡ Brasil
真利害有叻女又靚女👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
I can't even do even half of what she does... She always leaves me amazed and mesmerized 😇
love you liziqi....love from Bangladesh
Woooow. More beautifull shearing and Super recipe. I like it
She can do everything. Perfect ❤️
Nice to mama around.and happy. I wish i had done the same for my mama (my grandmom)like you do with youres.enjoy as much with her cause you wish you had.i dont have youre wealth or never will if i did my mama would had been with me.
I hate the city, I want to live here 😍💭
Well, glad to see you guys like Chinese countryside. But the truth is: it's really hard to live in countryside whatever in every country.
李子柒冲啊！！！！
李子柒我心目中的小仙女！
Missy you are amazing
When m stressed out I always watch ur videos .... So relaxing 😇
❤❤
I want to know the jerks who dare!!! DISLIKE this video!!! And give them a price of my mind!  

I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!! Thank you so much for making them! You help me threw a very dark time in my life and I saw there was more to life then what I was seeing.... thank you for being you!
Even Though we are in cities...we don't have such beautiful utensils 🤭🤭🤭😝😝😅
I thought those leaves were for camouflage in the movie Predator.. not for mushroom baskets lol.
oh how I would love to live with her and her family.  That is the life style I crave for, instead of living surrounded by 24/7 jobs, stress, stress and more stress
Alguien sabe de qué país es esta chica...
بحبك وبحب فيديوهاتك❤
do you know i watch it three times to consider once !! ......this is just relaxing moments ....
Beautifol. 👌👌👌👌👌😍🌷🐓🐕
wow amazing
OMG!  I was so empress and admire  her after watching this... I can feel I want to meet her and grandma in person.
ممكن تعمل ترجمه للعربيه انا متبعاااكي من اول مابدئتي❤️👀
น้องเก่งมากพี่ชอบดูคลิปของน้องค่ะ
This is the best YouTube channel ever! Only love and peace here!
You are so cool.i like you and I love you ❤️❤️❤️😃😃
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
I'm supposed to watch a soap making technique when I came across Liziqi's channel. Almost an hour later, I'm still here! Stucked! Now I'm hungry!!
True art
Good👍
就地取材 编织草篮 好厉害👍😃 连瓜架也是！
感觉非常返璞归真。💚☺️
Fast food, what's that? Live to be 120 eating like her.
She inspired me to use and angle grinder to cut stone for a waterfall I built. Be inspired, challenge yourself, take a chance on something new...enjoy the hard work! That's what she inspires in me🥰
I like your cutting skills
Is it staged!? So perfect!!
真開心見到狗BB很可愛，子柒這麼能幹背後付出很多努力！每當聽到雞叫就有雞湯飲😂
Where  is this place i want to meet in my life time?
👍😍 Healthy Lifestyles that are hard to find nowsadays..
Так и нужно жить !Такая гармония  с природой и душой.Все такое натуральное.
Chopsticks - the most simplistic form of utensils
👍😊
毎回、毎回本当に素晴らしい！
細く小さな身体で何でもソツなくこなして尊敬の眼差しで拝見させて頂いてます♪
You are a very strong women...and also beautiful😅
Toi voi co be that nay roi .that song cha me co chiet roi song qhai yeu thuong voi .ta kh canh viet nam hay chung quoc .moi song co binh dan het
你的影片質感很好
希望某天我能跟你一樣
成為一名優質YOUTUBER
يوم واحد  مع هذه الأجواء كفيل بأن تتلاشى همومه
طبيعة بعيد عن التصنع وضوضاء البشر
You are so beautiful ❤️😘
جمال الحياة في بساطتها ... The beauty of life is in its simplicity  🇸🇦🇸🇦
Original sound source from nature
Oooch... Is die süüüsssss.... ❤👌😍😍
I have to say I laughed when we see the chickens and then it cuts to a flower meadow with a chicken squawking, and then to Liziqi with THE BODY
我太喜欢视频里面的 姐姐。
2.2K dislikes? What to hate about? Everything she did is just way beyond ....
Hermosa ella....
your beautiful , your smart.
How comes this on my page?  This is my first time watching and i fall in love omg she is so skillful and her ideas I'm out of words how could she make various dishes with one thing 😵 and I SWEAR she's living a fairy tale lifestyle 
.                         Is ThIs A NoRmAl LiFeStYlE? ItS a ViDeO BuT iT sEeMs HeArD  To BeLiEvE😱
👍😘
🤩
这集感觉子柒付出了太多太多的心血！就像前面评论说的，这集理应浏览量过亿！
19k people dislike this video,how depressed they are
she cuts more like kills the chicken herself ☠️💯
I like seeing how she serves her grandmother.
Share w/public in the USA w/Thanks! 7/15/2021 4:23 p.m.
หลงรักคลิปนางจัง
Just cry when I see your great work😭😭😭💚
很高兴见到你
Is it nice and cool there? No flies. Flies are afraid of cold.
i feel like everyone should try to live like this: living off the land, using all ur resources, not wasting.
Very good
I know wgen a chicken is done when i see the feather flying all over the place.
落ち込んでいましたが、美しい映像で温かい気持ちになりました。😄✨日本も雨です。今年の梅雨はとても長いです。☔李子柒さんの動画をいつもとても楽しみにしています！🙋✨
Why do y'all want to be in America when your culture is so beautiful?
I wish i was the one who's filming this so that I can ear with the food that she cooks. So yummy.
👍
Bao voi chi qhi noi nguoi kieu gia bot nhieu di nghe hoi nhieu chuyen qua do
It's so damn peaceful, i can't not like this 🙃
very nice, and you are 😍
รอดูคลิปใหม่อยู่นะค่ะ
So relaxing me when im stress because of the requirements in school i have my schedule and time for Li Ziqi💓I feel like my stress are gone.
忙碌的最後以豐盛收尾。
😁😁😁😚👏👏👏👍✊
Omg she’s like a princess making her own garden 💜💗
the cucumbers are so huge....
At 13:53 I think I know what happened there!
Please visit ya guys, hopefully my place can inspire ideas that can be useful and be a blessing for everyone

Silahkan berkunjung ya guys semoga ditempat saya bs memberikan inspirasi ide yg bs bermanfaat dan menjadi berkah buat semua orang
I miss very much...i love China...i missing
☺😊
The cinematography and the music truly tells a story
😍😍🇩🇿🇩🇿😍😍
สะออนเห็ดคักเนาะ มีแต่ดอกใหญ่ๆ
Какая умница и умелица. Смотрю и восхищаюсь.
넌 너무 아름다워
言语已经无法形容我每次看你的作品的心情！！！ 加油💪
It's a wowwww...
very nice video
When she was making that burrito roll it was like ART 😮👏🏻
China friend how many supporters.  Nice, beautiful, fantastical, super, lovely
Xem thì thấy hay hay thôi chứ ngoài địa giới TQ nấu kiểu này thì chỉ cho động vật ăn
看了這個好想回家把我老爸的房子菜地也改造一番。
อยู่อย่างแบบธรรมชาติจริงๆชอบนะครับพืชสวนที่ปลูกก็สวยธรรมชาติเช่นกันพอได้มองเห็นชื่นชมกับสายตาเลยนะครับ
Every video she has different dogs. What happens to all her dogs
While lying on your bed ,suddenly, Youtube notifies you that LiZiQi uploaded a new video. You start grabbing your phone and start the new journey with her.😊😊
น้องแตงกวาสวยน่ารักดีมากๆนะครับชอบติดตามตั้งนานแล้วนะครับ
Micsoda nő!
I wish one day they'll let people tour in her place, probably looks like heaven on earth👍
beautiful giral so nice
m Pakistani  so nice and beautiful 💞💞💞💞
Amazing U r miss ZiqiLi... Me n my mommy is ur big fan...n we are always wait for ur new videos... U r really stunning... Salute to u... Me n my mom, sending loadss of love n best wishes for U... Stay strong n happy always...
 ❤❤🎉🎉
ออกกำลังและสร้างความสุขให้ตัวเราเองดีแล้ว
初めてコメントします。
ほっとしたい時、癒されたい時に
リーズーチーさんの動画を見ています。
ありがとうございます🙏
Em thay chi lau an rat ngon
Все хорошо, но почему этим занимается женщина....
無法想像如果子漆嫲嫲不在，子漆會有多麼孤獨。好希望子漆得到幸福
m Pakistani  so nice and beautiful 💞💞💞💞
Linda magra e trabalhadeira. kkk
You know what's coming when the chickens are on screen for too long 😂🙈
nice
Troi toi qhai nguoi dep chu .neu kieu nguoi khac la nguoi dep em dan cho qhu mo .khong chieu kieu em la nguoi dep thoi .ha ha
It must be divine to wake up, put on a silk kimono, and head straight to your garden to eat fresh cherry tomatoes!
เชี้ย กุอยากมีเมียแบบนี้ เก่งทุกด้านบรรยาการ สงบสุข มีความสุขสัสๆ
Semua dilakukan sendiri, fix gabutuh suami 😭
Привет из России! Как вкусно и красиво ты готовишь. Какой красивый у тебя сад привет бабушке.
💋💘
😘😘😘💪💪😘😘😘
We were trying to get our cucumbers going this year. The only thing we were able to get was okra and beans. Even tomatoes didn't do well... sigh oh well...there's always next year.
كيف تموت الدجاجة وراسها موجود
bravo.öptüm
My friend you are the real treasure of China🤗🤗🤗🤗 thank you for uploading this video my friend🤗🤗🤗
The palm frond basket now come on you’re just showing off.
Troi mua the nay co my nhan uon ruoi voi minh con gi bang .ha ha
唯有子柒能够实现世界和平😂😂😂
Nho mot cat thuy mot luot len nghe .long me ga xao voi voi hu tieu di
清秀脱俗的人，清幽怡恬的环境，清淡鮮活的美食，，哗，人间仙境
Co ruoi bia canh tot nua
U are very nice
She gives me the inspiration i need to learn new things so one day I can be as she is uwu, just less beautiful.
Nho hoi minh uon cu hay lanh ma .gio day uon kh duoc vay
Unban Winnie-the-Pooh
I was introducing her channel to my mom yesterday.. ❤️
That co vui kg
wonder girl....
Хвала родителям и бабушке за воспитание
Hiiiii Pooja love you
Co lay ca tra ne uon ruoi kg em
Today I realized that if I lived where Liziqi lives, I'll probably die of poisoning as I have absolutely zero knowledge of what's edible and what isn't.
Toi kg biet bon ho lam nua
Música electrónica
Вот интересно,у нас делают множество блюд из огурцов,различных салатов и солений,но нет блюд из сушеных огурцов,никто их не сушит и не вялит.Удивительная кухня и природа.
她的手常受傷耶
Ith kaanunna malayalees undo ivide...?
came here to see and enjoy her lifestyle end up drilling over the food 🤤 it's my bedtime but I'm hungry..
sigi orang pintar mpu, simi simi pan senng pngwa
She is the richest person of the world 😍😍
And also the most beautiful girl of the world
I love u
她做过多少菜
Садила огурцы, а между делом стену бамбуком оббила. Обожаю эту девушку!
Ketne tallented girl hai yr
Ma thoi di kh uon noi ha noi cho noi ban chi uon co noi .
her pups are paid actors too, i love it!
สวัสดี
How could she kill the hen ?
That was neat, how she made her basket on the spot.
like
Very bad you cut the lamb
自給自足的田園生活是很棒！但也要有“子柒”的十八般武藝才完美吧！🤩
पूरी टीम है. अगर कोई सोचे की अकेली बेचारी लडकी., तो..
Noi di noi di ....dan dan
She's the simple definition of "superwoman"
สวัสดีครับทานข้าวยัง
กลับคืนสู่สมองด้านสัญชาติญาณ
8:04 
婆婆：这个饭煮得有点干😂
孙女：还好吧😂
Slow living
The channel that I love more then any ...it as become my dream now to visit u beautiful lady nd ur beautiful heaven  on earth♥️♥️♥️♥️
Turn off the music
Em oi di ngu chua di em ngu som con co em be chu
Can anyone tell me that which region of china she belongs to??? Really she is an all rounder girl with God gifted innocent beauty 😘 love u sweet grandma also😘😘😘 keep it up 👍
លេងរឿងដលណា
Lived slow
父辈那些年就是过的这种生活，相比而言少了这份暇意，多了一份艰辛
Ava kelambanum solluvoom
ไปไหนมาไม่เห็นหน้าคุณเลย
I really like your long hair, it's very beautiful 😍
Hii
Petti kadai
When she was hard working I was looking at the succlent plant 🤣🤣😂😂😂
Hello
哈哈哈李子柒老师 黄瓜 的一生 哈哈哈😄😂， 还是没变的题目套路啊 哈哈哈哈哈
Epdi nah mudiyathu
Neriyah illai
China's natural environment is magnificent.
Toan la noi tao lao ha
Neu qhat ..qhat cho 10 trieu 000đ..le len nao
the life of the cucumber is so much cleaner and happier than mine lol
Olá !  Sou brasileira do estado do Acre .e esses seus vídeos são espetaculares .já me inscrevi .beijos
李子柒你真的太厲害👍了樣樣都通樣樣都會真的超級棒真的好喜歡你，一個小女孩👧這樣通通都會真正的世界級企業
....closing the gate door at 12.21 is amazing, her hand, mind & whole body workout perfectly.... its beautiful  !
Você é encantadora princesa🌹🌹🌹😻 falando daqui do Brazil 🇧🇷 👍
very nice ur work nd cooking style 🙂
“AH! MUSHROOM !”
“No bag on me though....”
“No problem! Imma just weave a basket right here right now!”
I am relaxing .. I love your live lizi ♥️
I'm from north east India,  we find the same mushroom in our place , can find only in the month of July and August.  One of the best, cook with chicken  and a potato, believe me it's heaven.
She really said no basket no problem 😂
Really amazing after my btech from iit I will
Also spend my life in forest what cool amazing
One of my favourite YouTube channel 🙌💕❤️👍👍👍🥳
Zi qi is a living proof that human in perfect creation by God 😍
You are amazing telented Cook and love your grandma
李子㭍是中國人的驕傲！她不怕髒不怕吃苦！什麼都是親力親為的！真的不簡單！
I wonder if she's my mom and when I'm back from school bring my friends, how many dishes she would cook for our dinner?
I want a Lizqi and Mr. BEAN collaboration..
For sure that would be fun..
Amazing 👌
did not see no paper no plastic lingering, all organic, uses of leaves....this is the ancient voices even in 2020
Vives en un paraíso me causas ternura stas con una persona de la tercera edad se ve delicioso tus platillo  😋  saludos de Bolivia
我真的不知道如何形容她，，，是世界太奇妙的女子了...
Thank you ma'am🌸
I’ll be soon common for China ❤️
ну наконец-то я знаю что это в ролике было))) это же огурцы и кабачки))) вот это знакомо
Can someone please tell me how she made that soup look white?!
She is so peaceful love it am think i shud stay with them love the place
She's so working hard but i never saw her sweating nor getting black 😂and she never feel tired that mushroom wow
OMG...a pretty young lady leaved the city to get back to Nature. It make me feel so touch..i think she is a wonder woman from China she could do anything a man can do. I bet the are many man queuing her to be they future wife 😀😀😀
LOVE ❤❤❤❤❤
A beautiful girl that knows how to live off the land. And now i am hungry as hell.
You Are Very  powerful women you Are my Idol 🥇🏆🏆🏆🏆🎖️🎖️🎖️🎖️
The food looks delicious, ah ahh yummy, the girl is beautiful and sweet.
今年黄瓜长的非常好，正是最好的季节，我正想做酱黄瓜，你就做了给我学习，谢谢你
Very nice 👌
She is so hard working
“no man is an island” oh yes because she’s in an island and she doesn’t need a man
dfood looks sooo delicious....
Love you so much and your all receipe
在国外半夜看李子柒的视频让我思乡到想哭
I love everything about the video, but that's a lot of food for two people.
Liziqi : the life of cucumber 





6 million people : interesting
I❤️,ur,food
💙💙💙
This lady seriously just made a makeshift basket on the fly wtf
I’m starving now 😂
I want to job with you and wish to learn from you 🇵🇰
有很多国内或国外的模仿者，她们能模仿“形”，却模仿不了“意”！
Wow i think she cook good.yummy...👍👍👍
Ella esta cocinando comida frita(?
Y tiene un cuerpo esbelto0_0
12:20 У девчат есть врождённое умение закрывать двери и ворота попой. У парней тоже есть такое умение, но они закрывают ногой, либо, как скворцы пещерные, оставляют всё на распашку.
Hay thật sáng tạo phong phú
فديت 😭
اريد اعيش كذا 🙂
very nice video my friend good luck
No single peace of plastic...wahh..love from India
Видеоряд и музыка очень красивые, но у милой девушки руки человека - не работающего с землей, увы....
12:21 min -The way I close the doors 🤣🤣
❤
I like your video so much
Lets all admit that we dropped whatever we were doing to watch this the moment the notif went off 😎😎
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
10:41 第一次看到剛蛻變的蟬！翠綠翠綠的像碧玉雕刻的一樣，真好看！
اااه ماجمل الطبيعه الله ع هذه الفتاه الجميله البطله ع ميئه راجل
Wow 🤨 what a work experience lady
She puts all the farmers with high tech machines to shame.
かわいいですね
Người phụ nữ nhỏ nhắn mà quá giỏi
How bring the mushrooms ? that is so masive.. 
Liziqi : hold my beer.

And taraaa
Very nice!
she already alarmed that not all mushroom can eat
Me : She can do everything.... I must say... 
My mind : haha every one is not like u bro.... I must say..
ان اعيش في الطبيعه خير من اعيش في أربع جدران😢
Keren salam dari Indonesia
looking for the perfect way to commune with nature and let go of the daily life worries that are demoralizing you, go spend some time outdoors. Once you disconnect from the internet and your iPhone, take some friends with you and enjoy the grandeur and majesty of the oceans, mountains, and forests that are all around you, and then you will understand what is the best way to live life, feeling invigorated and refreshed.
You are living real life...
Really a man need to find such a perfect girl for him.....I can't turn my face from her 😫she's just I wanted
Me watching this and again questioning about my existence.like why do I even exist??
Perfect
Wow Beautiful
Me seeing all the ads: hell yes let me pay you, GIVE ME THE ADS, TAKE MY MONEY
12:21 how to use bum to close the door 😂😂😂
Everything are very beautiful , just like a Heaven.
👍
Gaaaawd  her dressing. 😍
有那么一个画面，让我想起了“疏影横斜水清浅”，处处都是诗画。之前看你好多次劈竹子不戴手套，有在网上看到一个说法是因为有人攻击你戴手套有假拍嫌疑，请不要在意那些恶意攻击的言论，保护好自己！
能娶她回家的男人该有多优秀啊！
와우~~
When I wake up tomorrow, I'm cleaning my room.
Akka supar😊😊
Is there anything this beautiful girl can't do??
i wonder how Gordon Ramsay would react after looking at this.
Very smart lady ..
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
好像手又受伤了...要小心点呀~看完很想种黄瓜 哈哈
Wanita luar biasa
Nicc❤️
I see again someone says wants to visit her or garden tour.What? want to lay a finger on every beautiful thing in this world? Why would you just stay at home and being inspired by her and make your own garden, create your won peaceful life? Don't bother her, there were intruders caused her troubles before. She is a video producer who has her quiet and peaceful life, not a tour guide, and the peacefulness is what attracts so many people to her videos. Don't ruin her peacefulness. Don't make many people's spiritual home a noisy market and scenic spot. There are not so many beautiful places left on this planet that no human ever touched, human beings should learn to protect them, not being greedy to step a foot on each one of them.
❤️🌹🌳🌲🌴🌺🏵️🌹
😉👍
11:43 ¿Por qué dibuja un círculo en el suelo después de recoger esos hongos? El anciano me dijo cuando era niño que si dibujas un círculo, esos hongos no se escaparán y crecerán en el mismo lugar el próximo año.
I like your skill
Idyllic Chinese take on Martha Stewartism, with wonderful camera work, cute puppies, beautiful food.

With any luck, there will be a companion book, with the recipes, gardening tips, and many, many life hacks.

Oh, and those cleavers will be offered for sale.
I am from Indonesia, I like
Hello everyone, hope good days
 with you, friends.
When dogs eat tomatoes 
Me: 👀👀👀
Ese caldo es aceite??
Your are very skilled
that circle she draw with her finger after picking up those Mushrooms .... does it means something?
How she's so talented. Can anyone tell. Is she homeschooled ?
I wonder how to wash the large wok 16:05
Wondering what are the reasons why the people who don’t like her videos exist......
انتم مشهورون مع الاسف ليس يوجد ترجمه عربيه
Won't mind Bear Grylls making a video with her.
你的视频震撼到我了
有点向往，有点心酸。
祝你幸福!
Doctor Google says tomatoes are poisonous for dogs
I can't even imagine about  your work dear.
Very hard wordworkg girl.
God bless you.
other youtubers: 200 ml eggs for crepe batter
Lizqi: (cracks an egg everytime she needs it) measurement my a**......
XD
🤩🤩
ทั้งสวยทังเก่ง
Bear Grills’ got nothing on her. She’d annihilate him in a 1v1 😆
👍👍👍👍😁😁😁
Forgot bring the basket
Me : just put used my clothes
Ziqi : make one on the spot
you have your own paradise.
Nasi gorengnya menggugah selera...
看李子柒的視頻就像看一副風景畫！
Как изменился мир женщины строители а мужчин в голубые это что за политика  такая
A GALINHAAAAAA
I wanna marry a girl jus like her!
سبحان المرأة  اللتي حدثنا عنها الرسول استوصوا  بالنساء  خيرا..وقد ذكر الله في تنزيل  كتابه  كثيرا  المرأة  سبحان الله.
Em mot em co len nui toi ma biet em toi chiu m dinh noi toi gium nghe .uh con co chu nua toi cug kh lo may ma .ma cug so roi
Liziqi just like me, closing the door with her butt 😆😆😆😆
Turkiyeden selamlar
Lawueh akeh temen,, cocok nggo de dadekna bojo kie
Ok, I'll marry her 🙈🙈 she is such a beautiful woman ♥️♥️
👍👍
I wonder what she is doing with all those dogs and cats...
She should have called it "the life of chicken" because that officially ended :(
I  love u ❤
Pinter tur geulis
Omg I don’t no,where this girl gets all her energy from it’s making me feel,tired just watching her
Where is it?The place?
Her hard work deserved a billion subscribers.
她的辛勤工作值得十亿订户
Bị thương r
Супер
好喜歡好喜歡妳的片  祝福孝順的妳跟婆婆都平平安安健健康康♥
Grandma check. If I don’t see grandma in her video I’m worried
Do you actually live there
I've been waiting for this life of cucumber 😭❤ thank you so much for making this.. I adore everything you do. Lots of love from Sabah .
🕊️🕊️🕊️
Cool
すごく感心しました。李さんの動画に癒されました。李さんはできないことはあるのかな。心から応援しています。また次の動画を楽しみにしています。
Drink oil😂
Waw
The way she do things is an ART. Sooo amazing! 💯
Apa aku doang ya Indonesia disini😀
i just deleted tinder after watching this , im griefing
The food always looks so good!  
The mud balls to plant seeds in is genius! I have to try that!
Very nice
#anantstudygroup
Good
I adore your videos! They’re almost spiritual, the care and respect you show for the natural world while creating a magical bounty with her! Thank you!
عاشتيدجفريجد
Wah, I can't stop watching her. With the beautiful scenery, awesome things she does, and they good looking good she make... it's so relaxing. Then their are puppies. I'm already rewarding videos. 🥰🥰
दीदी जॉब करती हो बहुत अच्छा करती है अच्छा खाना बनाती है आप प्लीज ऐसे वीडियो भेजिए
I liked everything until she kill the hen.
超开心的！这么长的影片！可以好好享受一下了！谢谢你🥰🥰
The first time I see something ugly in her videos, her green water bucket.
Es español
Thanks for this fairy to bring us a wonderful life like that.
That's the real life we all want!
Ola soy nueva no sé si me entiende mi idioma ✌️✌️😜😜😜
Hi madam 🌹🌹🌹🌹
My eyes began to fill with tears the moment I saw this video. 
I was reminded of my grandpa and grandma.
Thank you !
Btw who is the camera man?
GOOD I DEA 😄
I love this channel, absolutely nothing is wasted, so inspiring, everything she touched is idealic.
เธอเก่งมาก
Oi😉
Brilliant it is to grow your own food & harvest it when ready! So young to know how to do so many things. Awesome living!
I love you anjeal .
Why u have cut the chicken it is crying
I'm seeing such videos from few days and I really love them ..it gives me peace😍😍..I have seen other videos like this too is such a culture famous in China???
ทำไมที่เมืองคุณดูร่มเย็นจัง ต่างจากบ้านฉัน
Although I can't grow all of these luscious fruits and vegetables in Canada, I can watch Li Ziqi and dream. :) Please keep learning and sharing what you can do!
Hi liziqi I love to watch your video....and your harvest ....nature ❤️
Want to learn more about Chinese culture and food. You are respected.🤍
This is a life full of energy, health and bliss 💕💕
You are the best of cooking😊
Xem mà thấy thèm ăn quá con gái ơi ! Giỏi ghê !
These videos are so impressive! Almost make you wanna live like that too...
You got a great talent never give up agaain we will  never give up ur video so  waiting for more videos vfrom ur grandma and you  remember me never forget again
Please give your puppies food when you eat, thank you.
She's very deft with her hands, and very focused on the beauty and poetry of each step. Really enchanting and very inspiring!
Wow 😳I want to stay there 🤣
I know this is an old video but can anyone tell me what those berry like things are on the ground at 10:14? Beautiful!
time to once again live vicariously through Liziqi, seeing as my own cucumber plants died before producing cucumbers
Iam really happy to c ur videos again. I. Missed a lot also.
Very nice ❤️
I love how her videos gives a studio ghibli vibe❤️✨ It makes me want to live in a simple peaceful life in the country side
Muito legal.
los honguitos deberían ser cortados desde el tallo para que luego crezcan otros en su lugar, pero ella los sacó desde la raíz :(
This girl’s work ethic is amazing
Super ❤
My dream life ❤ I always wanted to live in a peaceful place like this
世上最聪明最能干的巧妇。👍👍
P's write the Ingredients in English I like to cook same to ur food. Tnx.
李子柒所有视频百看不厌，太太太喜欢了，你怎么就那么能干💐🌻🌷
Thank you 🙌
ما شاء الله ربي بارك
Watching Liziqi's Video always makes me feel peace
It's 3am now watching this video looking for inspiration in life. 😅
So nice 🌹🌹🌹
I really wish to know who or how she manages to care for so many plants
Peaceful life🥰🥰🥰🥰
She's both husband and wife material 😂
I wish you for more happiness in the future. Stay healthy.
Love you from Nepal!!
Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩
Awesome Life.....DreamLife...
I love this Life style so much, I think the Heaven is real, thank you!
Wish I could marry a girl like this.
I love all video from she.it all so good.
Did she just make a tortilla con un huevo?!?!?! I'ma start making my own tortillas too omg thank you Lizi ❤️❤️❤️❤️
2:35 I like this song very much 
what's the name of the song? please tell me.🙏🙏🙏
i always loved liziqi's videos because in the end we always see her eating happily with her grandma. now that my grandma just passed away i can't help but tear up watching the ending... 🥺 but seeing others happy is comforting to me. that's why everyone, always treasure your loved ones!  <3
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
amazing video
Lowkey who would want to travel to a place like this and live a life like this 🙇‍♀️, so goddamn beautiful
She is so beautiful and smart.love u from Nepal🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵
我覺得這種一生系列很好看
現代人大多都是吃過豬肉卻沒看過豬走路
（原話：沒吃過豬肉也要看過豬走路，來自古早窮苦人家）
在這影片可以一次了解食材的來源及如何料理出來各種菜色
Woow i like what you do 
From Kuwait 🇰🇼
You may think she's talented, but probably it was her grandmother who taught her to do all those lol
Какая необыкновенная девушка! Какая труженица! Какое сказочное место!!! Счастья Вам, милая девушка!
Very well 👍
Ютубная показуха. Жизнь в не города хороша, но требует огромных сил. Это большой труд.
This what I call living her best life. Simply WOW 💓
What is this music? It feels good in the heart
Очень красиво, но... почти в каждом  видео - новые собачки. Сбилась со счета сколько их уже было, десяток, может больше. Бегают, любовь и доверие излучают. Щенята.  Через несколько видео - новые.   Раньше не обращала внимание, все светленькие. Отписываюсь. Чужая культура- потемки.
Waaaa an almost 20 minute video of liziqi ..I've been blessed today >_<
I'm big fan for liziqi....from india
Those cucumbers are BIG and healthy! What fertilizer do you usually use for them? I also grow cucumbers but their fruit is small and less. 🥒😢
So cool!
❤️❤️
子柒，久仰大名。这是第一次完整地看完了一集。刚吃完午饭的我，看到都流口水了。妳是个天才啊！！！感恩你记录的这一切。也正是城市里正在消逝的美好。
When l watch  liziqi videos l tell to my self that's she's realy a unique person l respect her for all her efforts l hope when day perhaps she invit me to her place   hhhh and discover her secrets in her kitchen
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
She sure is something, just make a basket like that 😲🤩😍
Wish i could plant like her.... For me if i attempt to plant even one flower, it gets spoiled 😞
But she is a Farming Goddess 😇😘
love her outfits
Her dogs get healthier food than me...
E eu aqui no Brasil  🇧🇷chorando porque tenho que fazer janta. Essa mulher é incrível
S en. Çok  beceriklisin. Maşallah
Anyone know whereabouts this is? Just wanna go there now lol
真的是物尽其用 真的是服 人美手艺也那么好 厉害👍
Did she just make a quick basket....I mean COME ON!!!!!
Love from Bangladesh
Какая красивая девушка! И какая молодец! Так здорово все обустроила!
😍😍😍😍😍
Wah sedap mesti cuba,rebus satu ekor ayam sumbat halia penuh dlm perut size 1cm,wah masuk celu dlm minyak jadi daging ayam haliaitu
The best part is when she serves the food she made to her grandmother😇
🥰😍😘
당신은 진짜 김치를 만들 줄 아십니까?
When i saw there's Liziqi's new Vlog, i quickly play. Who's with me?
I wish to visit your place
They got big appetites
She is so diligent really and hardworking, I love her videos, hope I can make some nice video like this one day. And which music this we are listening?
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
SHE MADE A WHOLE BASKET FROM A SINGLE LARGE LEAF
I would like to meet the people who dislike her videos just to see what jealousy in human form looks like.
love from indo
堅定支持李子柒
Adding bamboos to your wall is pretty impressive! Great idea!
nice video - malaysia
👍👍❤❤❤❤❤❤🇧🇻🌹🌹
Really something~She's so elegant and sensational! This video just reminds me of my hometown, which is near this place...and also I can speak her dialect. The mountain, the hills and forests...Everything seems so familiar to me.
I literally need someone like her as my wife
Nice
¡How beautiful, what precious video! I would love that everything I see on YouTube has such beauty, so much wisdom,
so much warmth and so much quality. Many,  many thanks.
¡Qué bonito!¡Qué preciosidad de vídeo! Me encantaría que todo lo que veo en YouTube tuviera tanta belleza, tanta sabiduría,
tanta calidez y tanta calidad. Muchísimas gracias.
Who stays with u apart frm the old lovely Grandma i saw??
安然的一生
马来西亚粉丝，很利害~努力~加油💪
Sisa makanannya buat siapa yaa masaknya banyak banget
THANK YOU!  SUPER!  BRAVO!
i love the perfect footage but sometimes i wonder if your vegetables also get eaten by birds and aphids like mine?? 😂
Super
Everything she uses comes from nature. The bamboo stick to dig mushrooms, the basket to contain mushrooms and the brush to wash them.Nature is generous .
sister liziqi, I want to see your house...
E o pessoal achando que o Rodrigo Hilbert é foda!
Can't wait to escape the modern society to go live in a place like this. 🍀🌱
❤🌹🌻🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🌻🌹❤
I love you 💕❤
I love that she is so creative! And she is my favorite YouTuber!
Please go watch #XiaoXi #Crab #我们的小喜. He has amazing building skills. You will love his channel.
👍👍👌👌🤩🤩❤️❤️❤️❤️🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵
Only I have one entertainment during covid 19 watching liziqi and her lifestyle and then nature calls me. Its so relaxing.
🇸🇦🇸🇦
nice farm
素敵な時間を、(^.^)(-.-)(__)
毎年四季折々の、風景と旬の食材を視れ・・・貴女の料理に、魅了させて戴いています😃
現実離れした感じもあり、羨ましくも・・・
又お二人に、お逢い出来る時間を、楽しみにしています🎵
Girl from Andromeda  galaxy👍👍👍
おはようございます。きれいだし良く働く、日本の女性も見習って欲しい
This is how you know most of humanity is lost, they find this so fascinating something so simple and natural seems amazing we are devolving.
Omg.... what am I doing with my life 😬😬😖😖😖
Scientists are trying to make super humans… may be they don’t know super human already exists… 😄
这一集太鲜美了，鸡汤菌菇加肉丸，OMG！还亲眼目睹了编花篮，编，编，编花篮……
🌺🌺🌺🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Food looks delicious and presentations make it even more desirable , nice job on wardrobes... please say hello to grandma
ជីវិតពោរពេញទៅដោយសេចក្ដីសុខណាស់🥰😘
aren't you tired? <3
She is so productive all by her own!
Plz ubdate new videos fast
LiZiqi💪
Очень позитивное видео. Никакого гламура, но как прекрасно.
She should marry A king
Pls take some rest in between
不管妳有出什麼影片我都先給妳點"喜歡"^^
Supper  ma
Hai..
I have a doubt..?
Already wall is there... Y again with bamboos?
06:56 that moment when liziqi staring at the mirror and smiling killed my soul😭
💜💜💜💜💜🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃💎💎💎
Tuoi mui toi toi .nu thi thich ben nuc nha cua .con trai hay thich that nau an cug voi vo minh voi ha ha
the natural garden doesn't come easily, she put lots of hard work to maintain it
Liziqi you are so beautiful didi
her videos give me Minecraft vibes
加油加油，永远支持你，李子柒你是最棒的
กลัวใจเธอจริงๆ ผมคงทำไม่ได้ ยกย่องครับ แต่เราคงไปด้วยกันไม่ได้ อยู่กับน้องนั้นพี่ลำบากนะ หรือว่าพี่จะทน (ผมคงทนไม่ไหว ทำไม่เป็นเลย) T_T
omg this girl could build a bamboo house by herself
حبيبتي لا تطبخوا السمك حي
Amazing lady. Wonder if she's still single and available? Hahaha...
I just found out this video, and it's so healing
7 star video
My Dream wife
She is the well talented amazing and speedy girl that I have seen ever in my whole life😍 proud of our grls🤓😍😍
wow good movie
人間奇女子
一生系列要到何時?讓我們繼續看下去😂
real life Cinderella
我很喜欢这样家。我看见你。我很想我家乡。从泰国
I would pay almost any amount for a dinner she's prepared. I don't care the ingredients or how far I have to fly / hike / travel to get to it.
I like you 😘
I amfrom india
Me: how the hell is sje going to bring those mushrooms without a basket?

Liziqi: weaves her own basket using leaves

THIS GIRL 🙌🙌🙌
Indo sndiri🥺
She looks like he has a little resemblance to sowon ex gfriend
编完花篮后还在地上画了个心❤️～也太可爱了吧💕
Tanah bulat mati wei,akar buah sangat panjang
I really don't understand why people dislike this, I watching her video everyday to make me feel better and calm
enjoy real life
هل هناك عرب🌚
I love your regular life work #love and #respect I'm live in China for several years. but why i love them? because they never hates us.
Wow Li
Aap keha rehti ho nice place♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️😍😍😍😍😍😍🥰😝😍😍😜😜
Lots of great looking food...that's like 4 dinners in my house. Lucky grandma 💓 beautiful images.
예쁜
여보~
I have never seen a cucumber's life . I just enjoy to eat them 🤤. They are very tasty.
Berasa nonton film
Your house so big
Pls don stop uploading,specially during this lockdown😌
Tanto desmadre, mejor voy al burger king
I love you..
希望您平安，来自马来西亚的问候，我喜欢黄瓜❤
THE GIRLS:18+ ARE  DATEUS.UNO 
Youtube: This is fine

Someone: Says ''heck''

youtube: be gone

однако я люблю таких рыбаков .
🙋🙋
Хорошая хозяйка!
اكو عرب بالطيارة ها خيلتني ياجماعة
oh she is so telented absolutely clever i luv to watch her skills from beginning😋😋😋😋😘
الفلم الفقود.
Good    nice   Girl
And me here: oohh forgot to take something to collect the mushrooms!!!... Then let us do it tomorrow... 
Liziqi : it's easy making the basket than taking it from home
Why you never smile
我经常做饭，你和你奶奶吃不下？ 谁在吃剩下的？ 你是拍摄人员吗？ 你还有其他家庭成员吗？
When she randomly made the basket for the mushrooms, my jaw just went 😧
I guess who is filming her
19:05
原本看到一群雞在散步，然後聽到雞的慘叫聲，然後⋯⋯⋯燉雞湯囉！好有趣
Go2..# notime2bsad # visit Thailand...
Their brain and energy are God gifted
My grandma is the last one who knows how to make pickles in my family.
This is what Disney should show. Not that princess crap.
SISISISISI
When the apocalypse happens I'm gonna go live with her
Ko thấy việt nam đâu
Istri gw itu 😌
She lead a peaceful life in the laps of nature! But we lead a noisy busy life and we have no time to spent with nature
19:0⁵
第一次看到就订阅了！一直默默关注着，好能干的姑娘！！赞
Wannabe ur guest 🥺
Why dislike.
Респект и уважение! Куколка,красавица!
Hello. My chit..dear fri.nice
Đại tỷ......
This contact and unique at least she didn’t show us how the kid that she killed the chicken but overall it’s a unique content no one ever dealt with
Hoàng sa trường sa là của việt nam
Bts ??
Most aesthetic video that I've ever seen. Seems like my father's hometown.
거짓말쟁이 유투버
Taiwan girl is doing  well
Everyone else while watching this: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Me: "Omg the little old lady is ADORABLE!"
反共主義, Anti-communism fighting!!!!free tibet!!!!!
Jika anda ingin mengetahui udah sy isi ulang pulsa elektrik murah
❤️😍 from Philippines 🇵🇭🇵🇭
Hii
Can i take a picture on you.
To be honest, I admire that hard work and meticulousness. Sister, sister also do more heavy work than my mother, more perfect than my mother! Why do I always like to watch sisters 
Really , If you look at the sister, you don't see the features at the age of 30, but more like 20 ....sister beautiful ♡♡
Hello
More than everything a lot applous for camera and editing
我是您的忠实粉丝，以至于您非常漂亮，我什至没有花2秒的时间点击此视频，希望您和您的祖母保持健康
Finally i found somethig to watch...was getting tired of watching those over pretencious youtubers... This is so peaceful..
It's not too easy! She is very hard working person.l wish I could be like her!
她會利用土地種很多東西。又把家變美，聰明有智慧。可以學習。
看到好几次姑娘钻石头，不戴护目镜。这个很危险！这种石渣溅到眼睛里去很危险。一定注意安全！希望助手能转告子柒姑娘。
This is the most awesome thing i found on youtube like ever, i think.
To be honest, I have fallen in love with her. 
Who else has fallen for her? 
She's so amazing and beautiful ❣️
How is it that her hair looks like a modeling commercial after all that labor but mine looks like I was in a 5k after 20 minutes of walking 💀
Great vid btw 😌
好有食欲哦 ！😍
Even, she's rich she know how to live on her own:>>
wow! Here is a fairyland, there are mountains and rivers, if I can also go to that good！
哇!这里是仙境，有山有水，如果我能去那就好了！
きゅうり は  黄瓜から来てるのか！！！
なるほど🥒
The feeling of heaven before death🏞🌻
我是一个住在国外的七十岁的老奶奶，很多食物我们这里没有的真希望你視频里的字能放久一点让我能更清楚好吗？我非常喜欢看你的視频。
She is good in everything she do.
God made her perfect.
I want to start living like this, free and happy
9:38 ~ she look so beautiful, i love everything about this girl!
look im not greedy.
if only i got to know someone with fraction of her skills, values, kindness, passion and discipline id marry her!
妳真是一个了不起的女子l 男人都比不上妳我忠心祝福妳健康平安幸福找到一个好男人帮帮妳祝福妳🙏❤️
Can you believe she's 30 years old? She looks 16
Every comment is so sweet.love all of u.And hope all of u have a happy life.❤️
Thank you, greetings from Hungary 🙂
her hands is so fast.......someone who set the scene is also incredible..
Greetings Subscriber New Arrivals From Indonesia.
The Video Is Very Simple, But Many Forces That Can Be Taken From This Video ..
Good luck always success for the future.
#From_Indonesia
Her: closing the door with her butt 
Me: that's so me😂😂
I'm watching this for the first time. Who is she. She's amazing.
So much in one video 
Is she Chinese
Lovely content
黃瓜看似微不足道，上盤卻千嬌百味
The heaven I imagined in my mind was less beautiful than this.
拍得美轮美奂，每一帧都可以用来作桌面壁纸。
12:21 the way she butt shuts the gate😂
My wife don't know anything except shopping 🥲
5:12 Ziqi's finger 😔
I wish she had such hardworking granddaughter who will look after and cheer her up.
子柒真的非常喜欢你的视频，终于可以看到梦境中的生活了，我离你很近，有过无数次想去找你，看看你的花园，看看你的菜园，但我又不想打扰你的生活，在视频的这边祝福你永远快乐，开心。
李さんが作った物食べてみたいよ…
這視頻拍的太美了...了不起的中國女孩...
17.59 She is cooking there and I smelling here 😋😍....and... getting a lot hungry 😫😢😪
都是我超级喜欢吃的！看的我好饿！
She really needs a life and where is her man to eat all those food?  But I can still admire her ingenuity .. hahahah
Sis.. how can you so good of everythings like that... i really luv ya...<3<3
I love how she just gave up on trying to find more original names for her videos 😅
5:10 子柒的指頭受傷了？貼著膠帶😆 11:45為啥麼摘完菇後要在地上畫圈呢？
Never in my life have I been this fast.
മലയാളീസ് എവിടെ 
Love from Kerala 
ആലപ്പുഴക്കാരി 
Addicted to Liziqi 💝💗💖💕
This is real chineese cuisine...not what we get in so called 5 star hotel !!
我喜欢您的视频，也喜欢在中国生活
从子柒干活的麻利度，这姑娘真是苦出来的。那些活哪里是装样子能做到的。
你好，我希望你能收到我的消息。 我不会写中文，但我会说一点点，但是这是翻译的☺️。 我的中文名字叫大火，我来自尼泊尔，过去两年来我一直在观看您的视频。 我不知道为什么我喜欢您的工作方式，融化的菜肴以及奶奶脸上最甜蜜的笑容。 我来中国一年，在海南三亚湾学习酒店管理。 我在三亚湾红树林度假胜地工作，我学很少中文。 我爱中国文化的中国人。 每当我观看您的视频时，我都会在工作站上有很多朋友和祖母，我很想念他们-希望我能在那里和我的朋友们过上像您一样的生活。 您的视频中拥有神奇的力量，所以请不要停止娱乐我们☺️，因为每当我观看您的视频时，我都感觉自己在看着您，而坐在您面前却没有眨眼。
  我也希望我能在我的一生中遇到或见到你。 来自尼泊尔的爱和来自大火的百万爱💓💓💓
No one: 
Literally no one:
Liziqi: Damn forgot my basket, lemme make one
if i get married to someone i hope that a girl just like her I'll be the happiest man out there
11:37 编这个篮子，真的是太厉害了
12:33 cleaning mushrooms with a squash leaf, new skill learned... if I can find a piece of fresh squash leaf
She made herself a gotdamn basket and the bags I get from grocery stores fail me eveytime, smh
Who asked how she filming her vid
You can check on youtube.."who is li ziqi?"
They explain alot bout her...
我很欣赏您的工作，但我想在巴西尝试一下。 但是为此，我需要知道香料和配方的名称吗？
Makes a lot of the good food guides and cookery 'experts' look a bit pale.
Me: I bought a Chinese cleaver because of that girl's (Ziqi) video.

My husband: oh no... Are you going to start collecting everything she uses now? 🤦

🙈🙊😂🤣😂🤣
13:55 am I the only one that was a little shocked? Just this cute shot of some chickens and then the next where she's cleaning a freshly killed one?
09:38 What a gorgeous dress, what a gorgeous beauty... You are awesome....
When we watch the video, our minds are clear! 
When we watch the video, our minds are clear! 
When we watch the video, our minds are clear! 
When we watch the video, our minds are clear!
Utube:Notification from liziqi
Me: let's go to another world 😍
9:39 Her outfit looks like Princess Anna from Frozen. 
"For the first time in forever~~"
People : there is no perfect person in the world. 
Me : really?
Does anyone know why she drew the circle on the ground when she finished knitting
１度でいいから、
彼女の手料理を食べたーい！
First time, im falling in love






what's wrong with me🙈
she is soooooo beautiful,
Almost Everyone: wow cool




Some people: Da food be lookin gud tho
Anyone know why she traced a circle in the ground after filling up her basket and picking it up?
10,000 people don't like this, they're insane!
i don’t know why, but her videos make me want to start ugly crying on my bed, i just,,, ughhh
That's y Chinese people live long years...
A : who's liziqi?
B:she is youtuber 
C:no, no ,no..she is master chef
When we watch the video, our minds are clear! 
When we watch the video, our minds are clear! 
When we watch the video, our minds are clear! 
When we watch the video, our minds are clear!
She MADE the basket in the middle of nowhere.

I need some air.
Title: the life of cucumbers
Me: Clicks
5:50也太好看了
She:beautiful,artist,cook,gardener,builder,designer, YouTuber,etc etc 
Me : scrolling down and liking my own commment
屁股關門好可愛🤣
今日も綺麗やあ。
Thank you for more inspiration! I have been growing my own cucumbers for years, but it is truly amazing to see how you have cultivated your plants! 🎋
The way Li enjoys her own prepared meal, it's a treat for an eye. And the care she does for her Grandma; God bless her and love for Grandma 🧓 ❤️
用视频创造田园诗里的意境，总是让我非常感动。
After watching regularly Liziqi's videos for a while, I came to the realization that my personal response, as many others have voiced, is about her stories givng me a sense of hope, simply put. The rejuvenation, the rhythm of life, and the unfailing sunrises & sunsets, all anchor me to a world that will survive despite the ills mankind has exerted onto the environment and, of course, ourselves. Perhaps this is what draws me to Liziqi's videos.
She's one of a kind❤️
She deserve gold medalist🎖️
We are from Brazil, and we love your channel!! Congratulations for such an amazing life!
Love the nature where you live!  Can't stop watching your videos.. The background music is also really good! Love to see you!
She has given a lesson to us that how to live in a peaceful life! I never seen such a wonderful hard working person like you in my life after my mum liziq! But I want to tell you one thing when I suffer work a lot just seeing your videos it makes me so calm!  You are only my inspiration dear!
Everytime I got stressed out, I awlays and ALWAYS come to watch your videos. Believe me, it's a stress relief! It works for me.
Chinese culture is so fascinating and beautiful! Their originality says it all!
You are so beautiful, talented and an amazing human being.   I love all your videos.  Thank you!
Господи,как же ты прекрасна!ты просто неповторимая девушка на всей этой планете!я очень давно смотрю твои видео!влюбился как мальчишка)) знаю,что мы никогда не сможем даже просто поговорить..но все же пишу это всё!! Удачи во всем и процветания😘
I just love this chanel.  I watch sometimes on my lunch break at work and its so peaceful.💞😊
You are my inspiration my mood maker a person i look up to. ❤ wishing you and grandma good health❤
Hello Liziqi ur such an inspiration to me n everyone watching ur videos, thank you for sharing! God bless u no ur grandma
Oh my god it is been 8hrs since this video was released I’m blessed to have the chance to watch it before going to bed ❤️❤️
Always amazing me all everything she does. ❤️👍
Mighty blessings on u n grandma❤️🙏🏻
At around 11:43 in the video,after rewinding and watching for a few times then I figured out she was drawing a ‘heart’ shape. Maybe it was a little heartwarming message for her fellow viewers. Please correct me if I’m wrong.
Feeling very peaceful to see this videos...really amazing 😍 can't express it any words...GOD bless you 👍🏻👌🏻
I keep enjoying her videos even i recommend my friends and family to watch her videos ,her ideas , the beautiful nature. I really love her . When i feel workload i used to watch your videos thank you. You are really inspiring me sister... With respect thank you 😊☺️☺️
外表柔弱 不代表懦弱 內心堅強 不代表不會哭
她的一顰一笑 一舉動 無論勞動 煮食 工藝 一花一草
顏色 山色 音樂 各樣配襯 仿似都是天然無縫的組合 
人 物 景 看上去 深深感覺自然 舒服 心境寧靜平和
I don't know how those food taste like but I can tell they're really good just by the freshness of the ingredients.
I miss our blossom Liziqi, I hope her and her grandma is well, can´t wait to see new upload :-D
10/10... Здоровья бабушке, тебе и всем твоим родным! Ты молодец! Так держать! Прям идеальная жена)))))
This video was so beautiful.  Another way of life.  Very calming.  Thank you for sharing.
WOW..delicious food, I Like all of them. Such a beautiful vegetable garden
Fresh chicken, Fried crispy chicken salad and fried rice looks so yummy
Such a beautiful seance.. Amazing traditional village cooking, wow..love it so much
#MealsofFoodies
We wait for your video. Love From Bangladesh 😍. You deserve  more. You are a great  content creator 👍💘
Oooh my heart every content was sooo calm and peaceful. i love every content 😭🤍🤍🤍 can't wait next content. You're sooo gorgeous and attractive woman i love you and cheer on you always you're my FAVOURITE YOUTUBER EVER AND EVER hehe love you ❤❤❤❤❤
I hope you always happy with your family and the love ones 💕
What a lady! She's graced w/ beauty, strength,vigor,creativeness, industry, kindness& love for family! Prov 31 woman is real!
Watching u doing this, flashing back my old memory, I used to do this kind of work while I'm lived at my hometown, but, since now I'm working, at big city I never do that again, because  I'm busy with my daily works😔 but, thanks for making such a good video for sharing with us☺️ and for nowadays generations, no matter where we came from n lived 💕 keep doin and sharing about what u like to do💘
Such a living angel on earth 💗💕
That's something awesome and interesting beyond description 🙂❤️
She is adorable im not a bored watching evry videos of her. Very unique cooking
守得云开见月明 ！ 好开心和安慰看到你今天的成就 ！ 也祝福婆婆身体健康！
When I tell you I have fell in love.. Speechless, this is a beautiful video!!! Like, what have I been watching on youtube before this?
ESSA MOÇA ME FEZ LEMBRAR DA ÉPOCA DA MINHA VOVÓ, ELA FAZIA TUDO ISSO E MUITO MAIS, ERA UMA ÓTIMA FAZENDEIRA!😇
It must feel so good to sit down and eat the food after working so hard. 😭
That looks amazing! What a beautiful life! I would never have thought that cucumbers could be used they way! Would love recipes! You should do a recipe book! Very low cost to produce on Lulu.com.
這就是夏天啊~ 看完感覺清清涼涼的，特別美好。
哇~ 黃瓜還能有那麼多變化~ amazing
Да человек с харизмой это так круто🤗 ждем еше видос спасибо
Did anyone notice she used large leaves as sponge to wash the vegetables? wow!
her husband will be lucky to have her. and the place is awesome. pollution-free yes hard work is there but still, humans can live long and enjoy their life. nice video, always love to watch. good luck and have a great day lady.
Can we all  just appreciate the ethereal energy this woman sends?
Wonderful life of Liziqi where she is living.🏞 Love❤ from Bangladesh
The days stress melting away. Food looks so perfect and tasty. should be a peaceful nights sleep. Allways a great vid
How beautiful are you! Inside and out! So much we could all learn with this inspirational lady! Id want you on my side in an apocalypse! 🥰🙏🏾 bless you! Xx
Just can’t wait for sunflower seed episode its also sound greatt!!
Really impressive, and all her costume in every video is Chinese traditional style, i like it.
Warning in the video: do not eat wild unknown mushrooms cause they might be poison
watching liziqi videos really made me feel like I was back in my childhood. i really miss my vilage
中国最棒的主播了！ 真实的展现生活。
She is the one who have a green hands made up by the God!She really talents in gardening👍👍
忍了好久還是看視屏，看了又羨慕又餓，更多是羨慕。(♥ω♥*)
정말 부지런하고 못하는게 없으신듯..
가녀린 몸으로 대단한거 같아요~
본받고 싶은 작은 거인님~늘 응원합니다~♡
Your very beautiful sister 😍. I love to watch your videos with my mother and my younger sister ❤️.
You work very hard and cook very nicely 😋. By the way stay safe 😊. Love you lot sis ️❤️😘.
This mushroom taste amazing. I am so jealous.
She does everything with her own hands...😍😍😍Amazing 😍😍🔥🔥
Great episode!
Na gam uh a nop tuaklua. It makes me love China. Thanks for the upload
子供の頃、 うちにもよく似た水屋がありました。懐かしい。
心无旁骛，认真做事的样子，真美！
Liziqi shoving the door closed with her but is the best thing😂
I' m late, ziqi's recipe in this video~~~
7:35 8:20 pickled cucumber with soy sauce（酱黄瓜好爽口啊，想念我妈妈做的酸甜萝卜也好好吃啊，还有酱大蒜~）
          Cut cucumbers halfway through, preserve them with salt to dehydrate, and dry in the air. 
          Prepare to make soup with chili, Sichuan pepper and anise, after it boiled, add soy sauce, liqueur, salt and sugar. 
          Set aside to cool, and then you can put cucumbers, ginger and chili in to preserve for two or three days, 
          Remember to eat them in a week.
12:50 termitomyces albuminosus oil：（鸡枞油，我好像没吃过鸡枞菌，感觉很好吃的样子~）
         Tear termitomyces albuminosus into pieces, and fry them slowly. Add shredded ginger, chili, Sichuan pepper, salt, 
         fry them until around 70% dehydration, do not make them too dry~this oil can be used to make cold vegetable dish or noodles.
         Attention please: Do not pick the wild mushrooms you don’t know, be careful to eat them.
15:00 cold noodles with chicken shreds：（鸡丝凉面，我吃的凉面一般有黄瓜丝胡萝卜丝甜番茄再加上醋，啊，好吃）
         Cook soba noodles and soak in cold water,
          add sliced cucumber and chicken shreds, 
          cover them in termitomyces albuminosus oil, stir well~bingo!
15:57 termitomyces albuminosus cucumber and sausage fried rice, easy and delicious~是炒饭呀
16:48 pickled cucumbers chicken burrito, ziqi add mayonnaise~ 卷饼卷饼，鸡蛋卷饼~
17:42 meatball：这个肉丸应该很好吃吧，脆脆的口感，啊子柒做的都好吃555
          Mince the cucumber peel and pork, add ginger, green onion, pepper, egg and a little starch, 
          stir well to make meatball and boil them in chicken soup~
 
前两天去了一下医院耽搁了，但是吃货的心与你们同在~~~
love ziqi~
Не думала что огурцы сушить можно мы как-то по проще только солим в банках и в бочках и с майонезом салатик мутим😋
拍到这么成功还是有人按dislike 🤔 非常棒呀。👍
SHE IS VERY BRAVE I STARTED DREAMING WHEN I SEE THE SURROUNDINGS. THE NATURE IS SOO BEAUTIFUL AND EVEN SHE IS BEAUTIFUL
First Life of Pie and now this? I don't want to be deceived anymore! I want to know who my food was before they ended up on my plate.
子柒的刀是萬能刀，能劈柴斬骨切菜開酒瓶😂😂
I missed your birthday - I'm sorry. Happy Belated Birthday Li Ziqi!
honestly if I learned how to make a basket with frickin leaves then I'll be flexing it to all my friends by the second I learned
I love how they only cutlery she uses is cleavers and machetes😁
I need to see a blooper reel so I can feel better about myself. 😭
The real question is, do they finish all of that food in one sitting? 🤔
The way she cracked the egg with one hand I tried it well all over the floor
我不僅喜歡你的影片還喜歡小哥的
妳們兩個的我都喜歡
Works hard and grows her own food for a veggie rich diet.
She's gonna live forever.
超级喜欢吃鸡枞菌的，新鲜采摘的菇，用油盐黑胡椒粉炒就已经很好吃了。
Entire  world is proud of her courage, determination  and willpower 👏👏👏👏
I'M TELLING YOU THAT FIRED MUSHROOMS ARE TASTY AF <3
真的，谢谢姐姐。我感到活不下去的时候，能从你这里看到希望
真厉害！上山采蘑菇顺手编了个篮子，看着看着就饿了.......
Your my idol liziqi!!😍😍 from Philippines 🇵🇭
19:16 おばあちゃんの「乾杯♪」めちゃめちゃかわいい♪
I had watch all of her videos and this is the first time i feel like eating ......i want to eat that....then on one thought i can cook okay lets do it....but on second thought my parents would say waste of things ...waste of oil .....ahhh my life i wanna grow up soon and earn myself.....and then i will buy a land where there would be peace far away from city  .....and live my life there.......
Me: Sees video “This is amazing!”
Sees the video is almost 20 minutes YES!”
太厉害了 太治愈了
This is the kind of retirement I want
She’s a great agriculturalists and horticulturist💚🌱🎋
Добрый вечер, очень понравилось как сажала огурцы, все очень красиво,ответьте.
The real life on harvest moon 💖
Какая же вы маленькая, НО СИЛЬНАЯ женщина!!!!
I wanted to know where you get so much energy to perform all these beautiful works, which are so enjoyable to watch. I have a huge desire to eat your food. 😋😋😋 Affectionate kiss, shorty. ❤
I love the cultures of Asian countries like Japan, China and Korea because I find myself in them and respect them
The life of cucumbers to the life your audience going hungry. But, satisfied.
"you dont bring a basket."

"I can make it."
Lest we didn't notice, this is a 19:50 minute video. 👏🏽
The truth is , the life of cucumbers is a dream....
Sigh. I made the stupid mistake of planting my cucumbers too close to my watermelons this year and the cucumbers choked all of them.
Liziqi:makes a basket out of leaves
Me:Makes friendship bracelets
子柒妹子 .都说人老多励练多.而你等年青女子从那学到这么多知识. 难道说这些都是你自悟而得吗？你真是天下第一的奇女子我很崇拜。这是由宗的。
哈哈，子柒要将**的一生系列做到底啊😂😂真的很美看视频听音乐都是一种享受🤗🤗🤗
子漆视频更新啦！四川还是那么美，你的视频好治愈
These cucumber would be lovely pickled like a gherkin.
Anyway i love that cutest puppies..🥰
At first I thought it will rain,she is making a hat😂
黃瓜的一生(。~。)讚😛💯👍
哇好健康的黄瓜在农场。我将这种绿色混合物与羽衣甘蓝，黄瓜，西兰花，四季豆，鳄梨混合。我的蛋白质来自蛋白质粉末。绝对没有牛奶，黄油，奶酪。😍😍😍
One day a guy will come in your life and will say "You stay at home all the day, you must be so free, I go to work"
My dream is to gather  money, to come to China your village,  live with you a week and do a lot of works like you 😊
Amazing my dear...
Eagerly waiting and watching ur 
Precious awesome vedio.
Love u so.much.
Zeenu chungom east alpy dist Kerala state. India.
Most viewers: oh, so clever, so clam.
Chinese viewers: oh, so tasty, so hungry.
I liked in infact i loved  ur independent way of living.
I love everything she cooks but hearing that chicken squealing in pain hurt me
Imagine many western women would be like her...
岁月静好，应该能非常好的从她身上体现出来吧！
看似平凡朴实无华，却又让人感到安逸且贴近。
或许，这是曾经的你，无论是下手的那个，又或者是在旁看着妈妈下手的那个，这都是回忆的一部分，也是最温暖的那一块。
Love her. But am I the only one who is wondering how come she always had puppies with her. Like how come we don’t see them as they grow to be dogs. What happens to those dogs?
She looks so pretty I can't 😭❤️
Hi im from Venus, i love this video so much😘
8:45 love this scene, you are so beautiful in every moment..
Just love the way she close the gate with her *****😂😂. Your hard work is an inspiration. 👍
编篮子那里真的惊艳到我了！
我是山上長大的孩子，我瞭解郷村，這姑娘太勤勞了，這種地方生活說實在話一般年輕人是待不下去的！這位姑娘真的算是異類了！唉！可惜了
你的那个粉红色衣服很美，自己做的还是买的我好想要一件噢!
I don't care how internet we are. Absolutely  no one can ever hate on this woman
11:19 I really need her to teach me how to do it
如果有幸能在听见子柒的弹唱该有多好
If I in that situation I'll just going home and then take the mushrooms tomorrow......
11:40 - causually starts weaving a basket
為黃瓜播種捏了上百個泥饅頭，小孩長在這裡必定歡樂不斷，
為了攀藤的黃瓜建了美麗的竹牆，黃瓜是一種平凡的蔬果，
巧手的百變食譜，使得黃瓜也能夠登上大雅之堂？
In the far east/Asia people learn to be self-sufficient, In the west they want the government (other peoples money) to provide for them. Who will survive? Who will not?
Dog is so cute I wanttt!!!!! 🥺😭
"And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city." - Isaiah 1:8
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed
恭喜您的影片 有一天我要去你的城市 看到你的村莊

Gōngxǐ nín de yǐngpiàn yǒu yītiān wǒ yào qù nǐ de chéngshì kàn dào nǐ de cūnzhuāng
Queen of china...  I bet she can build the wall of china all by herself ❤
A girl who ware many hats... Even if she doesn't ware any.
这么多外国友人?这个鸡枞菌居然能捡到这么多..... 只能羡慕嫉妒恨了 在我们农村老家都要卖一两百一斤了!
6:58 is breath taking kinda pretty.
А русские есть? М-да, нас хлебом не корми, дай своих отыскать. Девочка вообще молодец:)
Just want to say hi from South Africa, my daughter and I are big fans.
Ah, poor people with bad eyesight that can't differentiate between the dislike and like....i feel bad for them 😢✨
I like the moment when she closed her door with butt. :D
so this the reason why chinese olden people have a long life
I am Amna .I'm Muslim girl hamdlh .🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿. You have  a good idea ماشاء الله. I love your channel . Good luck
Трудолибивая. И красавица. Мнеб  такую жену.
The first time seen liziqi didn't do something herself....the red bricks wall.
I just saw the video. Commenting here by watching at the same time.
As far as I see her video, the only ingredient that she bought is Salt
Broooo she be making a basket out of them leaves though
Why am I not able to view the latest episode, okra and bamboo? It was on my alert 3 hours ago. Why is that episode private?
抱歉 — 我看錯了標題，以為「傻瓜的一生」⋯
Wowwww. I know what can I do  when I left my shopping bag at home now..


My hand: No, you can't.
今日份的治愈~
Who else felt bad for that chicken...
Howmany people's dream live liziqis heaven???
看你的评论区，对我来说，就是学习如何用英语写彩虹屁，哈哈哈，但我还是要用中文夸一夸，一如既往的仙气，美极了！！！
0:01    2020 [立春](On February 3, 4, or 5)
0:48    2020 [春分](On March 20 or 21)
3:22    (Tr: Does anyone notice that the tomatoes, they haven't grown up yet.)
4:38    2020 [清明](On April 4, 5 or 6)
5:06    2020 [立夏](On May 5, 6, or 7)
5:18    2020 [小暑](On July 6, 7 or 8)
5:40    2020 [大暑](Around July 23)
6:21    (Tr: I like this shot so much, look at her expression, how much she enjoys the fruits of her labor.)
6:29    Ziqi: Grandma, I think this okra is already ripe, it's time to pick them!
8:34    Chop the okra and use it to make tea after drying
8:57    [申时](3 p.m. to 5 p.m.)
9:20    Let it cool
9:29    Macroepiota albuminosa oil(chicken fir oil)
             (Thanks to the friend who taught me this scientific name in the previous video)
9:34    Pepper, salt
11:02    Okra salad(请教，'凉拌' 用外语形容可以是 'salad' 吗？)
12:14    Mashed okra and potato
13:05    Ginger water
13:42    streaky pork and okra rolls
14:28    (Tr: I tried many times, but I still couldn't hear it clearly, sorry.)
14:49    Egg with shrimp and okra
15:24    at sixes and sevens noodles(maybe is 'Messy noodles'. The original text is like this, she wants to say that various ingredients are added to the noodles lol.)
15:49    Fish soup
15:53    Ziqi: Grandma, it;s time to eat!
16:11    Baked Okra
16:29    Ziqi: You eat this, it is very soft.
16:39    Granny: Come over for dinner!
              Ziqi: Wait a minute, I'll come right away.
17:02    Okra tea with many stars(So cute)
17:11    Ziqi: Grandma, this tea is for you.
17:20    Ziqi: Here, grandma, give you fish soup.
                       Is this delicious? Here, I will pick you some noodles.
17:34    Ziqi: Wow, delicious!
17:40    Ziqi: The mashed potatoes are delicious for you.
17:45    (Tr: The conversation between Grandma and Ziqi here is a local traditional proverb. I understand the pronunciation, but I don't understand the meaning. I only know that it is some records of the elders on the crops.The young Ziqi occasionally asks her grandma with rich life experience for a lot of experience lol.)
17:55    Ziqi: Look at this, it's very soft!The whole is okra.
18:04    Ziqi: Here, grandma, you can definitely eat this.
18:14    Ziqi: Grandma, this eggplant is also very soft.
18:20    Together: Hahahahahahaha...
(Tr: My English is not very good. I have referred to translation software for many parts. Please forgive me if there is any inappropriate expression, thank you.)
 
 
 
Translator's Note:
        There are not many conversations in this video, I share a few knowledge I know:
        1. Why did Li Ziqi make this stone road at the gate of the yard? 
             Li Ziqi mentioned on Weibo that she had watched a cartoon many years ago, and there was a scene that impressed her: "A vine grows along the wooden fence toward the sun." She also wanted such a fence. So she made this road and planted flowers.(In the follow-up notes, she mentioned "As long as it is what she feels right and wants to do, then we must work hard to do it".)
        2. I don’t know if any friends feel uncomfortable with the accelerated processing of some clips in Li Ziqi’s video?
            Accelerated processing has been used in the last few videos, and I also saw a message like this in the comment area: "Your video should not use such an acceleration technique, it destroys the tranquility of the video."
            In addition, some netizens speculated that: “Some netizens in China questioned that Li Ziqi’s video was false. Many of the parts were made by her team and then made Li Ziqi appear on the scene. Li Ziqi told them in this way that all the processes She did it all by herself."
            For me, speeding up or not speeding up will not affect my feelings about watching the video. Li Ziqi is a very real and hard-working sister. I don’t care how many people complete her videos. She lives hard and studies hard. The spirit is enough for me to study for a long, long time.
 
 
        As always, I am sooooooooo hungry after watching her video lol.
        Goodbye everyone, I am going to eat!
        Greetings from China, Li Xiang.
        August 7, 2020, 10:28 pm
        (She always updates on Weibo the first time, and then on YouTube, haha this time I completed the translation before the YouTube update.)
Indonesia ... Mana suaranya: tinggal metik itu enak ya 🇮🇩🇮🇩🇮🇩
Deus abençoe essa moça, que coragem, que dedicação...!!!
The awesome art of living the beautiful life!...with hard work, fantastic cooking skills and eating well...Long Life to Liziqi and her Grandmother!
Thank You!!!!
Our whole family loves to watch what you make together! Thank you for having such an educational & interesting show that is safe for our children to watch with us. You have a such a talent for making things, God has truly blessed you!
I love everything what you do ❤️🥰
These videos are beautifully done. I love watching how things are grown and cooked differently. So simple, but amazing. 
Your dishes are beautiful too!
Every second was Worth watching 😍😍😍😍😍 
Thankyou for your hardwork 
And thankyou for updating 
Love all your videos
Love from India
Liziqi i remember my lola from you and my life in our province with a simple living no need to buy food coz we plant ours in the backyard. So amazing Channel I'm your new subscriber ♥️
watching this cure my daily depression.. 
i think the lifestyle like this will cure people's depression... 
i really hope you will be inspiration to people
She legit lives her best life, she has everything in her house. 😭👍
I’ve watched all your videos over and over again  i just love it 💞...
My wife and I just love watching this beautiful and remarkable young women. We are always inspired by her simple, peaceful and relaxing presentations.
Particularly love how she freely picks her beautifully ripened fruit off her trees and bushes.
Does anyone know why she has no bird problems?
Gente, eu estou anestesiado, isso e incrível, viver tão natural assim, encantado.
Her grandmother with her little bucket hat on is so precious 🥺❤️
Multi talented...... All rounder girl.... Whenever I want peace, I go to your channel & watch your videos... The environment is so peaceful and relaxing..... God bless u Siso.... 😍😊
子犬がついていく姿が可愛すぎる🐶 料理めちゃくちゃうまそー
比陶渊明诗中的田园生活还让人向往，这是生活对认真付出的人予以的馈赠，很美好！赞👍
Impresionante hermoso me enamoré ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😲
I love those fungus. When i was a kid, i always happy if I get huge fungus like that in my garden at my hometown
Love love the video. I have a question regarding the bamboo "fence" outside the house - does anyone have an idea, what purpose does the bamboo have? Is it to protect the brick wal? Aesthetics? Thanks
🤔🤔Can we have subtitles on your vlogs? Thanks for sharing nature with us ❤❤🙏🙏.
how admirable everything he does It is truly admirable I am speechless many congratulations
The things I would do to be there just to breathe in the air 😭♥️
This is some Michelin star level of cooking in the middle of the mountains. I'm a vegetarian and everything looked so delicious and fresh.
It's a perfect life for me, living in the countryside close to nature and far from pollution is really refreshing for the soul
你好〜 我叫Thien Thien !!!我真的很佩服你!!!因为你是一个充满活力的女孩！一直幸福！制作视频时非常热情〜 希望您会永远和祖母在一起 并制作很多剪辑 让我看看~~> <~~ 你永远是我的粉丝！我是越南人🇻🇳 亲爱的〜❤️
que vídeo incrível, um abraço do Brasil, São Paulo 🙏🏻🎍🎋
Lindo perfeito, parabéns, vc é linda, ótima sua ação
I have grown cucumber in my garden too.... 
IT WASN'T THAT HARD 😅
I just threw the seeds on the soil and plants came out 😅🤣🤣
子柒辛苦了！！！加油🙏🙏🙏💖💖💖❤️❤️❤️
OMG!! Absolutely  EVERYTHING  about this is just stunning. Thank you.
Спасибо за новый фильм! Всегда жду новое видео с большим интересом.
我是香港人，也很喜歡吃青瓜🥒，原來有這麼多種吃法！
Her every days life is so valuable
She is living the life I always wanted!  Wonder why she makes too much food in terms of volume?
I hope I can stay in your house for about a month. Enjoying the life you lived, eating food you cook everyday, everything organic. 
This should be a holiday package you sell.
Hope she always happy and healthy, watching her cooking make me feel lonely but calm, idk..
I love watching your videos where are you from it would be a blessing and amazing chance to get to meet you and learn your culture and cooking
你好姐姐，祝你和你奶奶身体健康❤
加油！！我永远支持你，你很棒。
Wow, this is the most beautiful video I've ever seen. You are such an  incredible girl, may God bless you and give you whatever your heart desire, you are  so beautiful and humble and such a hard worker. Lucky man who will marry you. Greetings from US.❤
Amazing, beautiful, relaxing and my compliments to the camera(wo)man!
I really do wish we have some english translation of the dishes’ names bcs i wanna know what theyre called 👉👈
At the moment  watching this video on boat. This journey take 2:30 hours. It is exciting journey ever I made.... Love From Bangladesh.
❤💖💗💙💜
I want to live like this someday, away from society
I am amazed how she quickly and elegantly turned a palm tree leaf into a beautiful basket!!
素晴らしい所に住んでいますね。
こういう場所で食べる料理はとても美味しいでしょう。
応援しています。　日本より
李子柒姑娘也太厉害了👍。。家园子弄得也太美了😍。。还能做出一级拿手厨房料理😋。。又孝顺老人家🥰。。支持和加油哦🤙🥰🤙
A very healthy and strong, beautiful girl ,you got it all, my teas drop every time whaching you making, alot off staff, how wonderful, you character, hallelujah is the oner heaven and earth so happy for you, looking after your grandma, have a blessed night.
I don't know how she did all that heavy stuff but still look so lovely..
she is a very smart girl.
i have seen so.many 
skills. she is very fast
in doing her work..i really
appreciated her ability to
do the job very well.mabuhay  from the
Philippines. god bless you.
She's living my dream life .
Очень, очень нравится,вы супер,но я и половины не понимаю,а так очень красиво, 👍😍❤️
たくましい‼️相当小さい時から、教えられてきたのだね。どこでもなにがおこってもいきていけるすべをみにつけている。すごい。
I spent a lot on the best cooking school in America this girl humbles me
simply gorgeous. my sister in law is from hiroshima I have learnt a lot about Japanese things from her God bless you
看小李姑娘干活的细节里藏着劳动人民种种智慧  👍👍👍👍👍
She did all this by herself? Whose holding the camera? She's so talented
Какая трудолюбивая,красивая-Девушка❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
觀看子柒的視頻，會讓人覺得，幸福很簡單，生活很平淡，不必為了外界的紛紛擾擾而在意，其實人生不過如此罷了，加油嘿
9:38 so cute, my heart jumped onto the screen
I want to live there OMG
Как сплела корзину 🥰👍
Who said womens are weak? This girl is an example of how strong we are
My mom doesn’t know this video was made by a team of people(10 to 20 people), not by herself. 😄
amazing I would be so skinny eating like this you should open a school for foreigners to come and learn how I would sign up instantly
Those 5.7k ppl who disliked this video are obviously offended at how she slaughtered a whole chicken, someone definitely cried🤣    Them: 🤭🤯 Vs The rest of the world watching: 🤗😋
我喜欢看您的视频，它们超级棒！
IM SO CONCERNED FOR THE PLANTS, LIKE WHEN DOES SHE KNOW WHEN TO HARVEST AND HOW DOES SHE KEEP ALL THE BUGS AND INSECT DESTROYERS AWAY?
Beutiful…
Liz- can do everything 
Me- can't even know how to cook hahahah I feel pity for my self 😨
слюни текут, жрать хочу
She's so cute when she use her butt to close the door lol
i would married her the way she cooks grrrr amazing
i wonder when will she upload "the life of carrots" XD
Her grandmother is very lucky.
我的天呐我超级想吃！！
That closing the door by bum...tho........literally it's me😂😂
姑娘美、煮菜料理很養生我喜歡拍片畫面超棒？🐽💯❤️👍
Human: Wow! CUCUMBER! I'll sell it for cheap!!
Cucumber: Are my body is money for you?
Why people even give dislike ...I can't understand....!
The dog is just like a panda😂
She is perfect.... cutie... brilliant....
Me watching this instead of working on college apps 🤪
You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life. Every time I watch you and you are doing hard work I wish I could help you. I wish I could go to China and pick you up on the mysterious wheel described in Ezekiel and I wish that I could also pick your grandmother up and you and me and your grandmother and my grandmother we could all spend time together on the wheel and my grandmother and your grandmother could receive healing while you and me spend time together on the wheel and get to know each other
I just interested in "The Life of Liziqi"
She's motivated us......😍😍
I'm 24 year old but still.......useless😫😫😫😫😫
HURRAY, LI ZIQI!!! WELCOME!!
    Fabre-Brasil.
Hi 🙋‍♀️ 
Thanks 💕💕
Hello everyone 
I’m from Vietnamese 
Nice to know you ❤️ 
Have a nice stay 
Remember wear mask and washing hand usually 
Wish the vaccine coming soon 🙏
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
She got everything..beauty, talent..his future husband must be lucky 😍😍
Am afraid showing her videos to my mum so she might start saying how much useless im 😂
Its amazing, Everything omg
There was ads in between and everytime they appeared it made me compare the two sides of the lifestyle and the ad version was depressing
能在这种视频点倒赞的人内心得多扭曲黑暗。。。人家姑娘又勤劳又漂亮又孝顺，你们这种内心黑暗的人永远也不可能有这么可爱的人在身边。。。因为你们不配哦
Hey liziqi it's me James from Nepal😊 how are you doing nowadays ?
I wanna be with you for my whole life I wanna marry you 😍 the way you make food is bravo😍I've  no words to describe liziqi and you're beautiful too❤️  keep smiling take care 💝
HARVESTMOON BACK TO NATURE : GIRL VERSION
How she just fashioned a basket out of that leaf though...😩
Can I come and stay at your home for few days.
It is my dream to live a life like yours. 
Even if it is for few days..
Pls
中国有几千年的农耕文明历史。历史上无数次战乱和天灾造成的大饥荒，使中国人从灵魂深处尊重每一份食物，尊重每一粒种子。所以中国人餐桌上的食物种类是世界上最丰富的，我们的祖先把这世界上的一切分成了几个种类：1，能吃并且好吃的--端上餐桌；2，能吃但是不好吃的，当成药材；3不能吃也不好吃的，当成建材。：）
i wanna marry you, get away from this stressful city living, to live in a peaceful and serene place, we will have many children, i promise to love and take care forever
New friend here sending support, let's stay connected 💞
Одна хуторе - 2. У нас есть такая в Белоруссии. Танечка!
I cannot tell if this womans stunning skills are equally divided between homemaking and art, but I can say this is the most beautiful channel available to earthlings today.  If aliens saw this they would think this planet is paradise........and of course it was, once. And maybe still is......somewhere in China.
Your hand cut offs" I'm so said take care of your hand finger Liziqi sister
I just stole like 28 recipes from her literally
I dont think she has a mobile.... And that makes her this creative
This is the best kind of ASMR..
Everything perfect except, for me
, for the meat.
只要有你的味道就好！😁
When watch your videos i feel so calm.😍😍
Conhece o Paraíso ⭐ Tá aí ❤️⭐
I bet there's always someone watching her vedio in any time.
Any malayaliss❤️
മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ???
Lol笑死!! 
怎會有人拿 Liziqi 的小狗找查...仔細看她的視頻吧! Liziqi的視頻時間跨度很長.既使是相隔幾個月或一年放上的不同視頻.因為拍攝的時間線重疊.裡面的出現的小狗都是同一隻!! 
例如這個視頻出現的兩隻幼犬不就是 " As a kid, I used to eat zongzi wrapped in shells of bamboo shoots.我小时候吃过的传统笋壳粽子你那有吗？" 端午的視頻裡開頭那兩隻?!
 而上述的視頻 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_nDDebiefE&t=42s .01: 24 裡出現的較大的狗狗正是"燉一鍋酥爛入味的醬香大骨"和"年貨小零食特輯"等那一年多前視頻中有出現小羊陪伴的幼犬!
而他們在之後（桃胶）的視頻中也有出現.稍微比較大了. 接著在（我就问你，下雪天不吃火锅吃啥）的視頻中已是成犬了~
I want to put all my concerns down and live with my child in your house. . ^^ I want to help you with your work.
background : flower, landscape
backsound : chicken screaming 
oooh the chicken life -
I always feel so sorry about the chicken :(
3:15 her succulents is amazing tho
أمرآة مجتهده لك كل الحب والاحترام 

هل تقبلين الزواج مني 😂🇮🇶❤️
FUN FACT: YOU DIDN'T SEARCH FOR THIS
I must do something instead of sitting on sofa
Hi Liziqi! I love watching your videos after a long day at work. Seeing your lifestyle relaxes me. And I hope to have a vacation somewhere at a farm when we all can travel again ❤️
I always feel excited everytime i am waiting for her next video.
Camera quality perfect 
And this lady is amazing
The mother nature always give more
It's really amazing how she could do all those hard work. I'm the one who's feeling tired for her.
I love her Video...I feel so refreshed when watching her video...😍😍😍
She is already living in heaven but she made it more beautiful with her hard work and creative mind. It is said that nobody is perfect, but i can see perfection in all d things you did....lots of love...♥️
Nice
Me: No brush, wear mask, went to buy one.. 

Liziqi: Pick a leaf
കേരള ഫാൻസ്‌ഉണ്ടൊ ഇവിടെ ആരേലും?💐
終於又等到妳的視頻丶一邊看一邊分享給我的好朋友。謝謝子柒好姑娘，妳讓我們好友間丶有了共同的話题丶共同的生活品質........
I guess that Thanos will give up all infinity stones when he meet her
Настоящим девушкам некогда по Инстаграммам шататься.
L:ovable
I:nnocent
Z:ero of lazy
I:nspering
Q:ueen of vlogger
I:mpressive
finally you wear gloves!!! it looked hurtful when you use bare hands for hard works.
總想不到妳的下一步是要做什麼？等我明白了才知上當了！妳讓我們望梅止渴！🤣🤣🤣！
She is wearing heavy jacket....
Here it is still so hot can't live without A.C
I would learn Chinese just to understand the words.
എന്നെ പോലെ ഇത്രയും ആസ്വദിച്ചു കാണുന്ന മലയാളീസ് ണ്ടോ??
13:53 you could have spare us the sound of you killing the poor chicken....
يارب أللهم إني ادعووك بكل إسم هوا لك يا ألله ان تفك كربي وحزني فإني يا ألله اصبر على الابتلاء وأعلم أنه لا خير إلا بالله يا رب نجيني انا وأولادي من يد الغاشم الظالم الذي يريد بنا الشر والأذى اللهم احفظنا يا خير الحافظين اللهم أني أشكو إليك وليس لسواك عوضني خيرا يا رب
**Marry Me**.   Wait,   I should say " let me marry u", I want to live in your place.
屁股关门，太真实了😂
Im so early and i dont know what to say 😂
Please don’t say “It’s Li Ziqi who set the video to private mode.” The manager of this channel is Li Ziqi’s client instead of her. This time everyone received the same message “This video is private”. The same is true for me, but please stop saying that Li Ziqi manipulated the video. 
I believe that it will not be long before the manager of this channel will deal with the problem of not being able to watch it. 
Thank you.
Тағыда сол, 
енбек етсең ерінбей, тояды қарнын тіленбей.!
At 11:43 why she do that circle thing with her finger on the ground, can anybody tell me?
看李子柒可以，别攻击她来增加自己的订阅量，无耻下三滥伎俩，令人耻笑，哪儿的人最爱这么干，别人心里有数
Hi.. I got notification of Your new uploaded video. I'm. Not able to open it... It's showing as Private video can't play? Any one facing this issue?
i hope the reason why new viedo become private is not due to China America politic issue
The method of picking mushrooms is not good, which destroys the vegetation of the mushroom land and is not conducive to the regrowth of mushrooms
继续非常甜蜜，我是如此爱你请安装我的评论 
😍😘😘😘😘😘
It creeps me out that she always has puppies, but once they are grown up they disappear
Some people's dislike the vedios, just I can't to think it what kind of mind they have , just rediculas
你的本領真了不得
U are my favorite person in the world  my sad and my happiness u video I see then I am really happy u know I am girl but my favorite person only you  please reply meeeeeee plssssssssssss one time
国がどうあろうと，政治がどうあろうと，そんなものはどうでも良くて，朝がきて日が昇り，さて今日はこれをしなくては…，と，一日が始まる。昼が過ぎ，夕暮れが近づいて，さて晩御飯は何を作ろうか…，と，悩む，これが生きていることの幸せなのだ…。明日もまた，同じ一日でありますように…。
Hey you! Yes youu~ stop reading the comments and keep watching, you don't wanna miss the video reading comments that you can read later
Why not WHO calls dis lady as a Environmental activist instead of dat girl who shouts 'How dare u' in WHO 
Coz any one can  claim i'm environmental activist
But she proving it by her evry action
Am I the only one unable to see her video posted today??  😕
这提篮儿整挺好。
Що ні в казці сказать,ні пером описать.
我只想說 她太屌了~ 編織籃子那段~ 直接把我看愣神了~
when building a wall is a positive thing.
Wow, don't have a brush, just pick a squash leaf.
This is how many people see liziqi's videos before going on bed.
I am her big fan I have subscribed her and never missed her video but I have noticed she have many dogs but I never see same dogs in different videos are the all dogs safe? because she lives in China so I am so worried.
9:39 這樣穿超級美！
I love the way she live with nature,but I don't agree that she kill the animals😂.How poor that chicken 😭
Việt Nam xin chào
Oh my idol
今天見到你有戴手套保護手幹粗活，讚。乖。
第一次这么靠前,哈哈
And girls, that's called marriage material.
At least, her dead chicken had a happy life with his family before dead, instead of living in hell like the industrial chickens we eat every day.
i love you , i from Vietnam ❤️
Wow i never been this early..
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.  💖💕 John 3:16
Why did she make her last video private? Strange.
خَلَقَ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضَ بِالْحَقِّ ۚ تَعَالَىٰ عَمَّا يُشْرِكُونَ

3. He created the heavens and the earth with justice. Exalted is He above the partners they ascribe.

﴿٤﴾ خَلَقَ الْإِنْسَانَ مِنْ نُطْفَةٍ فَإِذَا هُوَ خَصِيمٌ مُبِينٌ

4. He created the human being from a drop, and he becomes an open adversary.

﴿٥﴾ وَالْأَنْعَامَ خَلَقَهَا ۗ لَكُمْ فِيهَا دِفْءٌ وَمَنَافِعُ وَمِنْهَا تَأْكُلُونَ

5. And the livestock—He created them for you. In them is warmth and benefits for you; and of them, you eat.

﴿٦﴾ وَلَكُمْ فِيهَا جَمَالٌ حِينَ تُرِيحُونَ وَحِينَ تَسْرَحُونَ

6. And there is beauty in them for you, when you bring them home, and when you take them out to pasture.

﴿٧﴾ وَتَحْمِلُ أَثْقَالَكُمْ إِلَىٰ بَلَدٍ لَمْ تَكُونُوا بَالِغِيهِ إِلَّا بِشِقِّ الْأَنْفُسِ ۚ إِنَّ رَبَّكُمْ لَرَءُوفٌ رَحِيمٌ

7. And they carry your loads to a territory you could not reach without significant hardship. Your Lord is Gentle and Merciful.

﴿٨﴾ وَالْخَيْلَ وَالْبِغَالَ وَالْحَمِيرَ لِتَرْكَبُوهَا وَزِينَةً ۚ وَيَخْلُقُ مَا لَا تَعْلَمُونَ

8. And horses, and mules, and donkeys—for you to ride, and for luxury. And He creates what you do not know.

﴿٩﴾ وَعَلَى اللَّهِ قَصْدُ السَّبِيلِ وَمِنْهَا جَائِرٌ ۚ وَلَوْ شَاءَ لَهَدَاكُمْ أَجْمَعِينَ

9. It is upon Allah to point out the path, but some of them are deviant. Had He willed, He would have guided you all.

﴿١٠﴾ هُوَ الَّذِي أَنْزَلَ مِنَ السَّمَاءِ مَاءً ۖ لَكُمْ مِنْهُ شَرَابٌ وَمِنْهُ شَجَرٌ فِيهِ تُسِيمُونَ

10. It is He Who sends down water from the sky, from which you have drink. And with it grows vegetation for grazing.

﴿١١﴾ يُنْبِتُ لَكُمْ بِهِ الزَّرْعَ وَالزَّيْتُونَ وَالنَّخِيلَ وَالْأَعْنَابَ وَمِنْ كُلِّ الثَّمَرَاتِ ۗ إِنَّ فِي ذَٰلِكَ لَآيَةً لِقَوْمٍ يَتَفَكَّرُونَ

11. And He produces for you grains, and olives, and date-palms, and grapevines, and every kind of fruit. Surely in this is a sign for people who think.

﴿١٢﴾ وَسَخَّرَ لَكُمُ اللَّيْلَ وَالنَّهَارَ وَالشَّمْسَ وَالْقَمَرَ ۖ وَالنُّجُومُ مُسَخَّرَاتٌ بِأَمْرِهِ ۗ إِنَّ فِي ذَٰلِكَ لَآيَاتٍ لِقَوْمٍ يَعْقِلُونَ

12. And He regulated the night and the day for you, and the sun, and the moon. And the stars are governed by His laws. Surely in this are signs for people who comprehend.

﴿١٣﴾ وَمَا ذَرَأَ لَكُمْ فِي الْأَرْضِ مُخْتَلِفًا أَلْوَانُهُ ۗ إِنَّ فِي ذَٰلِكَ لَآيَةً لِقَوْمٍ يَذَّكَّرُونَ

13. And whatever He created for you on earth is of diverse colors. Surely in this is a sign for people who notice.

﴿١٤﴾ وَهُوَ الَّذِي سَخَّرَ الْبَحْرَ لِتَأْكُلُوا مِنْهُ لَحْمًا طَرِيًّا وَتَسْتَخْرِجُوا مِنْهُ حِلْيَةً تَلْبَسُونَهَا وَتَرَى الْفُلْكَ مَوَاخِرَ فِيهِ وَلِتَبْتَغُوا مِنْ فَضْلِهِ وَلَعَلَّكُمْ تَشْكُرُونَ

14. And it is He who made the sea subservient, so that you may eat tender meat from it, and extract from it ornaments that you wear. And you see the ships plowing through it, so that you may seek His bounties, so that you may give thanks.

﴿١٥﴾ وَأَلْقَىٰ فِي الْأَرْضِ رَوَاسِيَ أَنْ تَمِيدَ بِكُمْ وَأَنْهَارًا وَسُبُلًا لَعَلَّكُمْ تَهْتَدُونَ

15. And He placed mountains on earth, lest it shifts with you; and rivers, and pathways, so that you may be guided.

﴿١٦﴾ وَعَلَامَاتٍ ۚ وَبِالنَّجْمِ هُمْ يَهْتَدُونَ

16. And landmarks. And by the stars, they are guided.

﴿١٧﴾ أَفَمَنْ يَخْلُقُ كَمَنْ لَا يَخْلُقُ ۗ أَفَلَا تَذَكَّرُونَ

17. Is He Who creates, like he who does not create? Will you not reflect?

﴿١٨﴾ وَإِنْ تَعُدُّوا نِعْمَةَ اللَّهِ لَا تُحْصُوهَا ۗ إِنَّ اللَّهَ لَغَفُورٌ رَحِيمٌ

18. And if you were to count Allah’s favors, you could not number them. Allah is Forgiving and Merciful.

﴿١٩﴾ وَاللَّهُ يَعْلَمُ مَا تُسِرُّونَ وَمَا تُعْلِنُونَ

19. And Allah knows what you hide and what you disclose.

﴿٢٠﴾ وَالَّذِينَ يَدْعُونَ مِنْ دُونِ اللَّهِ لَا يَخْلُقُونَ شَيْئًا وَهُمْ يُخْلَقُونَ

20. But those whom they call upon apart from Allah create nothing, and are themselves created.

﴿٢١﴾ أَمْوَاتٌ غَيْرُ أَحْيَاءٍ ۖ وَمَا يَشْعُرُونَ أَيَّانَ يُبْعَثُونَ

21. They are dead, lifeless, and they do not know when they will be resurrected.

﴿٢٢﴾ إِلَٰهُكُمْ إِلَٰهٌ وَاحِدٌ ۚ فَالَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِالْآخِرَةِ قُلُوبُهُمْ مُنْكِرَةٌ وَهُمْ مُسْتَكْبِرُونَ

22. Your God is one God. As for those who do not believe in the Hereafter: their hearts are in denial, and they are arrogant.

﴿٢٣﴾ لَا جَرَمَ أَنَّ اللَّهَ يَعْلَمُ مَا يُسِرُّونَ وَمَا يُعْلِنُونَ ۚ إِنَّهُ لَا يُحِبُّ الْمُسْتَكْبِرِين
23. Undoubtedly Allah knows what they hide and 
what they disclose. He does not like the arrogant. 

 ____________quran
https://www.helloquran.com/16
Me: How to not waste a minute





YouTube: Life of cucumber,,,Liziqi..
മലയാളികൾ ആരും ഇല്ലെടേയ് 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Can you show what your skin routine pls🥺❤
It’s so peaceful to watch her program than watch Trump’s war programs.
第一次这边前排😂
And all I doing is gaming ..and wasting my time on mobile I feel guilty😢for myself hope I will learn from on now.
Why is your new video private Liziqi? 😭
Malayalees arulle indel onnu oppittit pone 👍
யாரெல்லாம் தமிழ்நாட்டிலிருந்து பாத்துகிட்டே இருக்கீங்க ⚠️அப்படி பார்த்தீங்கன்னா எல்லாருக்கும் மாலை வணக்கம்🙏🌟💖✨

🌟✨🌟✨luv u Liziqi 🌟✨🌟✨
19 / 5000
Hasil terjemahan
best thumbs up from  #wayank channel indonesia
Didn’t care to hear the chicken crying noises as she killed it.
