This video took her 9 months to make. We don't see many people pull so much effort into making a single youtube video like her. And that's why we should cherish the wonderful moment of watching it as It's the bliss and containment that nothing in the world can top with it. May the peace be with everyone who is watching / has watched Liziqi's video.
I could watch her all day and wish I could work for her; I'd work for nothing just to learn.
I never seen anything so precious as this. Her energy, beauty, humbled heart day after day with such Hard Work. This channel is magnificent. Thank you 
I love everything about this channel. The fresh produce. The food she cooks. The earthen ware she uses. The herbal tea. Everything looks delicious. She works really hard. Sometimes I wonder if it is even real. I dont know anyone who can do so many things like her. Watching her videos brings a lot of warmth to my heart.
This is crazy! How Is she able to be good at everything? : She's perfect in cooking, gardening, horticulture, housekeeping, needlework, handicrafting, etc... Everything she does seems also enough sustainable and ¡she also wins in games in 22:18 and work as a bellhop in 14:53 !     Amazing 
You, Liziqi, are the best inspiration for all of us.
Every video is like a mini movie… imagine how long just the B-roll takes to film. Truly an art putting this together. Not to mention the ACTUAL HARD WORK she’s putting forth… truly amazing. One of a kind! Nature & humans working in tandem is a beautiful thing 
There are truly no words to describe these videos. ️️️
I love that every time she's doing the seed planting, one of her dogs tramples their way through. It's adorable.
Ничего подобного я не встречал.Сказать сколько труда и времени потрачено , это ничего не сказать. Всё совершенно. Особенно сама героиня. 
Es tan humilde , tan trabajadora , ni la sombra de lo que son muchos jóvenes hoy 
Los jóvenes los absorbe la tecnología y no conocen esta bella vida , sin bulla, solo paz.
You have culinary skills like no other 
Want to taste all your dishes since they are made with such love & patience, it's bound to be amaziinggg️
Это мой первый просмотр такого контента из Китая! До этого времени я видел только вьетнамские красоты. Я в шоке: красивая женщина, красивые пейзажи, а то что она готовит не успеваю следить: что куда кладёт, но в результате очень красиво, ни в одном ресторане так не подают. Очень сильно завидую бабушке, даже не предполагал что такое возможно в этой жизни .
She is having everything that we only dream of - Best quality food, cloth, organic makeup, clean air,  etc .
 She is making dream reality with extreme hard work. Truly respect her.
She is such an inspiration and its amazing to me and astonishing how hard she works!! Its amazing, she is just so graceful in what she does no mater what it is!
原來是表姊及姊夫，難怪看到奶奶笑得好開心呀
每次來看柒柒的影片
都可以看到滿滿的幸福
Miss her. I hope she comes back soon with a new video and in good condition. Luv Liziqi ️🇮🇩
An absolutely enchanting production & lots of information for possibly surviving our future food shortage worldwide… keep up being a wonderful model for all people.   
I can't find words to describe my feeling , or too say how much I appreciate you , your family and this wonderful video , tank you so much , wish you leave in peace and love.
She’s not only a successful farmer she’s killing it on YouTube.
So lovely to watch Li Ziqi over and over with all her work.
The pandemic hasn't affected her at all. It's like she's living in her own world where everything is peaceful and serene. Lots of love from India
Thank you so much for the wonderful videos. I've been watching them again and again. They really help reduce stress whenever I'm under pressure. In stead of watching something sad or negative, I choose to watch your videos. Your energy and dedication really cheer me up. Love you so much.
I love watching her work and seeing how she gets everything herself, she grows them herself, takes care of them and collects them. I love his farming methods and seeing how he saves everything for the winter.
Wow!! She's incredible. Minding her own business, living life in peace, enjoying nature :)
Господи как хорошо просто жить!
В гармонии с природой, видеть такую красоту,, заботится о старшем поколении--это так замечательно! Эти видио греют душу и вызывают настальгию.
У нас, ведь  тоже было так спасибо.
Words cannot express my enjoyment when watching these videos.   Breathtaking, relaxing, and hunger producing.  I would not be so stupid to think she does it all alone, I just appreciate the outcome.  Thank you
I am American. I live in Fort Smith, Arkansas. Most of the time, I have no idea what she is growing or cooking, but I love watching any way. It’s so peaceful. Plus I enjoy gardening and am constantly impressed with the hard work she puts into growing food. We often take for granted the labor that goes into a simple dish. I also like the way she cares for her grandmother. Respect for our elders. Respect for this channel.
Es una mujer maravillosa que fuerza qué imaginación ,productiva  inventiva, muy trabajadora quiero saber su nombre de dónde es
This is one of the best video I have ever seen ..... absolutely love that girl and her efforts as well....god bless you.
I hope she wins the legal battle she's going through so she can keep sharing these videos with us.
PLEASE COMEBACK LIZIQI......
We missed Your videos there are no real creativity in this world without You.
I love how rich her soil looks on the farm.  Beautiful.
She eats more variety of dishes in one year than I will ever eat in my life. So far she has never repeated the same dish - its amazing. She can come up with infinite dishes.
Uma mistura de capricho e delicadeza e força.

Ya de regreso no tenía internet! Cuánto has progresado! Haces maravillas. Te deseo más éxitos ojalá hubieran más personas como tú en este planeta. Viviríamos en santa paz y abundancia! Desde Venezuela un abrazo fuerte! Saludos y bendiciones a la abuela
Я в восторге! Это удивительно и необычно! Такие красивые места и высокое мастерство!
I cannot feel the taste, but I can feel the beauty of nature. 
I don't have words to express my feelings ️
I don't have words to praise her
Wish to have life like her
Behind this beutiful calm and relaxing video the credits goes to her HARDWORK.
The best part is when they dine together in their garden, talking n laughing. Always so cozy.
YOU ARE ABSOLUTLY AMAZING....!!! I HOPE YOU  MAKE NEW  VIDEOS SOON...I HAVE SEEN THEM ALL...SO FAR...YOU ARE LIKE MEDISEN...FOR ALL OF US...WHO LEAVE IN BIG CITIES...!...GREETINGS +LOVE FROM GREECE..!
You know this woman is such a great example for so many. Personally she motivates me so much to work hard myself. I don’t live in a setting like hers , I live with a city so the work and setting here is nothing compared to her but it makes me to try to learn new thinks and better myself at the way I see the world and work things around. Her videos are also an amazing escape from stress and my anxiety personally and I really thank her for that!
She’s so amazing. I can watch her all day I wish I could work for her. I’d work for free just to learn
Missing your videos Liziqi.. This is one of my favourite YouTube channel.. all your videos are my personal favourites and they are so much satisfying relaxing and giving happiness to my soul. Watching these old videos again and again..


Love from India ️
Halen bu kanalı keşfetmeyenler var cok üzülüyorum ben kendim zevkle izliyorum bilmiyorum onu izlerken huzur buluyorum emegine saglık seni seviyoruz
Hermosa mujer,digna.
Gracias por compartir tu vida, te admiro, y me encanta la mujer mayor que está a tu lado.
Es muy hermoso ver tu desempeño en todas las actividades que realizas. Te amo.
Her video is so relaxing to watch...and I really envy those fresh and healthy veggies and fruits she has...a simple but fruitful life...
They said Liziqi has only chinese fans.
Raise your hands if your an international fans.
I love Lizqi's channel beyond compare. If I  were given a chance to go for a vacation I would certainly visit her place. It feels like paradise. How I wish this dream would come true.
Como ela é linda!como ela sabe aproveitar tudo o que a natureza dá de uma forma simples e elegante,e muita riqueza espiritual nesta belíssima jovem!
Olá sou sua fã adoro seus  vídeos,  assisto quase todos os dias, no horário do meu descanso, tenho horta, vendo minhas verduras em um banca, quando conheci seus vídeos fiquei encantada, meu filho me disse mãe vc quer que eu coloque vc no YouTube,  sim é ele colocou o nome é (minha horta minha terapia)  obrigada .
|I wish there were English subtitles on how she makes this beautiful food
Берём пример с неё! В шикарном месте живёт. Истина, простота, красота и любовь к труду
She's the reason I'm still holding on to my life,she gave me peace and cure my depression.thank u Liziqi you're my hero
I love your videos, I always watch them before I go to sleep. They calm my soul and body, the way you record the various areas, the Time lapse, it seems to be there. I hope you won't stop making such beautiful videos, it makes my heart warm every time I watch them. I respect you and your hard work️️️️️ you're are nice keep going ️️
Un Saludo a la producción de esas bellas esenas de cómo es la vida al otro lado del mundo..  Qué sigan produciendo lugares así  y personas que  luchan cada día por salir adelante! .. Y siempre me dejan antohada de las comidas que preparan desearía poder probarla algún día  ! .. Muchas gracias   Y bendiciones!!
the effort she took for this is so great love u! i used this as for relaxing and asmr for studying
Que lugar lindo 
🇧🇷
Wow!!  Long time no see!  So happy to know she's still doing these videos ️
Is there something that this girl can't do? I mean she's so pretty, she sings, she cooks, she designs she does everything!
She is inspire to all
I have been watching Lizqi for years, and EVERY SINGLE TIME, she astounds me. She is what dreams and books are made of.
My heart is deeply touched by watching this beautiful life recording ... so thankful to Ziqi.
She is so simple and explained life in a short video - how life is born then grown and eaten away by so many things surrounding us - she shared the beauty in making her life as beautiful as it can get - god bless
Wow me gusta este canal, amo su gente, que añoranza me da la vida en el campo y su naturaleza.️
This is the most incredible cooking video I have ever seen in my life.
Thanks for making me feel so deprived.
Lol.
Loved it.
You and your videos look like a dream! All my respect and admiration!
Let's be honest: If every place look like this, this world would be a wonferful place to live without any problems.
just so wonderful how skilled she is. I would go there to learn and want to live there too
Saludos desde Mexico 🇲🇽 primera vez que veo tus videos, me encantaron .
These videos I can watch over and over again.. so soothing for the mind
When I see this video it's feel me so much happiness. Thanks to you for your hard work on it.  From India.
her videos are awesome, I just love to watch them. But it would be much better if she could write all the recipes she cooks in the description box.
This hardworking and talented lady inspired me a lot that i was able to grow some veggies in my backyard and i was so happy when i harvested them hahaha.
Incredible work ethic, family love and honor. 
She is brave and strong and respectful of her surroundings 
Thank you for sharing  .
When she gets herself a partner I wonder what he/she will be doing. There won’t be anything left to be done. Liziqi single handedly does everything. She is a team herself. A one woman army sort of person.
Descubrí este canal recientemente y aunque veo que no has subido contenido en estos últimos meses espero de corazón que todo esté bien... Eres una inspiración de que no hay límites que todo somos capaces de realizar cualquier cosa, adoro ver el amor que tienes a tu abuelita estoy encantada con este canal eres magnífica...
Liziq muito feliz com esta vida simples de fazenda.
Uma garota muito bonita e trabalhadora. Parabéns.  Brazil
Orgulho de seguir essa Guria 
I feel like I'm watching an ancient Chinese drama. The production of these videos are of such high quality. And the food oh my goodness. Everything looks so delicately put together.
Que hermoso se ve todo
0:01    2020 [惊蛰](March 5, 6 or 7)
0:15    Pumpkin seed sowing
0:26    Ziqi: Omg! You can not stand on top of it, coming to my side soon.
0:38    2020 [春分](March 20 or 21)
0:48    Ziqi: Grandma, this peanut is very nutritious.
1:00    Ziqi: Then I'm leaving, grandma.
                     You remember to close the door.
2:44    2020 [清明](April 4, 5 or 6)
3:17    (Tr: This picture and Li Ziqi are so beautiful.)
4:01    2020 [秋分](September 22, 23 or 24)
6:39    Ziqi: The peanuts are very big, but the production quantity is relatively small, isn't it, grandma?
7:11    Drying peanuts
7:55    Purple rice
8:06    Glutinous rice, purple rice
8:14    soak
8:16    Ziqi: Grandma, I will return after I collect the chestnuts.
9:01    Holboellia latifolia
9:04    Dangerous action, do not imitate
9:16    Ziqi: Grandma, I'm back!
9:19    Ziqi: Come here, I have something delicious for you.
                     I picked this at the place where I collected chestnuts. 
                    There are many such fruits there!
10:21    Keep cool
10:33    Sweet Distiller's yeast
10:50    Fermentation for two days
11:15    Purple rice wine
11:21    fermented glutinous rice and purple rice
11:28    Soak glutinous rice and purple rice overnight
13:18    Purple rice flour, glutinous rice flour, water
14:40    Ziqi: Grandma, go take a look, are the cousins here?
                       Or I'll go. You keep watching TV.
14:49    Ziqi: Sister! Ha ha ha!
              Brother-in-law: How is it, are you finished with farm work?
              Ziqi: Ha ha, of course not. 
                       I'm waiting for you to come and help lol!
14:53    Ziqi: Let me carry the box. 
                       You guys do not need to bring gifts.Haha.
              Sister-in-law: Then give me back the gift.(play a joke)
              Ziqi: Haha, no no no! hahaha...
15:04    Ziqi: Ha ha, you brought grandma new clothes!
                       Sister, have you noticed that grandma has gained a little weight now, haha.
              Sister-in-law: Grandma's body is indeed better than before.
              Granny: Hahahahaha...
15:11    Ziqi: Sister, come and help me!
              Granny: Wait for her to play for a while before helping you, haha.
15:20    Brother-in-law: Eh, are you making Ciba?
              Ziqi: Yeah, I'm waiting for your help! ha-ha.
15:24    Brother-in-law: Let me have a try.
              Ziqi: Come and try?Haha help me a little.
15:27    Ziqi: Almost every time you hit 5 glutinous rice cakes, the stick needs to be dipped in the water in the basin.
                       Ha ha, then you two will make Ciba here. Oh, I'm going! Ha ha ha.
16:46    Add purple rice wine
17:15    Fry the fish again
17:27    Soak in sauce
17:43    Ziqi: Has it be done?
              Brother-in-law: It's almost ready.
              Ziqi: Where's my sister?
                       Oh, over there!
17:48    Ziqi: You didn't mash the purple rice.
              Brother-in-law: It can only be done to this extent, haha.
17:56    Ziqi: Sister you picked so many!
18:30    紫米糍粑(Ciba made of Purple Rice)
19:00    炝炒南瓜尖(Stir-fried Pumpkin Vine)
19:17    鸡蛋瓜叶丝(Fried eggs with shredded pumpkin)
19:29    花毛(Boiled peanuts and peanuts)
19:50    紫米松糕月饼(Purple rice muffin moon cake)
20:03    苋菜鱼头汤(Fish head soup with amaranth)
20:13    紫米酒酿熏鱼(Smoked fish with purple rice wine)
20:20    Ziqi: Sister, please help me to bring out the pumpkin. It's in the kiln.
20:33    Ziqi: The pumpkin should be cooked already, right?
20:51    平平无奇烤南瓜(Nothing unusual Roasted Pumpkin)(Tr: 实在难为我这菜ji...)
20:54    Sister-in-law: Grandma, slow down, don't fall.
20:57    Ziqi: Come on, cheers!
                       Hey、hey、hey, sister sit down、sit down!
                       We are a family, don't be so polite!
               (Tr: In China, people often stand up and clink glasses when they are drinking with people who are not close to each other. This is a kind of polite behavior.)
21:02    Ziqi: Grandma, I'll bring you some soup.
21:17    Ziqi: Here you are, grandma.
21:30    Ziqi: I think peanuts are delicious no matter how they are cooked, right, grandma?
21:35    Ziqi: Do you have an eight-day holiday for National Day?
21:45   (Tr: A series of family conversations, very warm.)
22:00    (Tr: Chinese netizens are making all kinds of beautiful wishes to the starry sky at this time.)
22:03    Ziqi: Oh no, I didn't put it into the pot accurately!
22:05    The sisters were in a shooting competition. When the sister was about to throw, Ziqi said: Can't go in, can't go in!
              Seeing that her sister didn't throw it into the pot, Ziqi said happily: Ha ha, it's time for me to compete!
22:17    (Tr: Ziqi is playing the appearance of a Chinese martial arts expert...Haha it's so cute!)
              Min Guo(Ziqi's assistant): Look, this is a martial arts master!
22:22    Ziqi put in again: Oh wa hahahahahahaha!!!...
22:28    Ziqi: Haha, please drink.
              (Tr: Perhaps the person who lost the game has to be punished for a drink.)
22:32    Ziqi: Come on, grandma. I'll teach you.
22:38    Ziqi: Throw it hard, grandma!
                       Hahahahahahaha...................




Tr:
        I received the notice of "Li Ziqi Update Video" last night. I thought there would be official subtitles directly this time, so I didn’t rush to watch the video...
 
        In the video, the sister and Li Ziqi grew up together. When they were young, they often played in the yard together and went up the mountain to pick fruits together. Taking advantage of the National Day holiday, Ziqi reunited with her sister.

        I'm late, sorry, haha!
        Yours, Li Xiang,
        October 11, 2020 7:19 PM.
God bless you, miss, and your family! God sees all of your hard work!
How can you not love her! I just love your grandma. Her  laugh is so  infectious! Everytime I hear her laugh, I just 
Ваши видео греют душу, спасибо️
Que hermosos paisajes, que amor al campo. Gracias por compartir
Me encanta verte trabajar y cocinar,que vida de campo tan Bonita y sana,felicidades
She makes Life so simple and easy.. Her garden is beyond imagination.
How simple yet so happy life. Thank u for your hardwork ️
Hola señorita Li Ziqi, me encanta ver sus vídeos, he hecho algunas de sus recetas, tal vez no quedan tan ricas como las que usted hace, pero la felicito porque es una mujer muy trabajadora, sencilla, tiene mucha iniciativa, y como hace sus recetas de manera  muy artesanal y ancestral. La felicito por la vida sencilla que lleva y darme cuenta que cada país tiene una riqueza en tradiciones que debe cuidar. Gracias y siga haciendo más videos de su manera de cocinar y de esa manera tan hermosa de vida que tiene. Muchos saludos desde México.
Я с трудом понимаю, что она готовит...но мне нравится все, что она делает️
That's so satisfying!!!
I wanna live like them!
I loved this channel!!
That looks so delicious and refreshing! The way you prepared is so awesome
I love how nothing gets wasted, there’s a use for everything
Сколько же благ даёт наша земля! 
Какая трудолюбивая женщина! 
Хотел бы я себе такую жену!
Хочу в Китай! Хочу в Японию! 
За город.
Так хорошо на душе.
Дай Бог здоровья этой женщине
Je suis toujours émerveillée par les plats qu'elle fait, c'est merveilleux, on se croirait déjà au millénium.
Hay que ver los videos sin entrar en polémica, solo disfrutar de esta belleza que muchos no tenemos, amar La Paz , que tanto se agradece en este mundo cruel dividido por los egoísmos , pandemia 
Y por sobretodo respetar al próximo 
Un abrazo desde el fin del mundo Chile 🇨🇱 🇨🇱
I recently found your Chanel and I’m so in love. Oh how I wish I was born into your household 
Descubrí estos videos hace poco... llenan y apaciguan el alma... se pueden oler y saber, gracias por compartirlos, bendiciones
So many people are trying to copy liziqui but the perfection and skills that she possesses, nobody can even think...love u liziqi
Hola Saludos desde México.y veo estos hermosos vídeos de Liziqui desde Veracruz.que ingenio de ella es realmente extraordinaria .Dios la Bendiga Siempre en Toda su vida.con mucha admiración.Sara.
She's living such a luxurious life even billionaires can't afford it.
Очарование сельской жизни !!
The satisfactions after you harvest is on another level
Liziqii gives back to the world with all her knowledge what she loves.  She amazes me, thank you for being so willing to share.  I think you are amazing!  Actually I think you’re super phenomenal.  Your gifts are real, and here.
Wow so much hard work ,love her efforts to make this video.️ from🇮🇳
que lindo muito bom abraço Deus abençoe
0:15 - Germinate pumpkin seeds
0:40 - Mid-late March
2:45 - Early April
4:02 - Late September
4:55 - Sundry rice
7:12 - Sundry peanuts
7:55 - Purple rice
8:08 - Glutinous rice, purple rice
8:14 - Soak
10:22 - Cool naturally to lukewarm temperature
10:35 - Sweet wine yeast
10:51 - Ferment for two days
11:16 - Purple rice wine
11:22 - Fermented purple rice from rice wine
11:29 - Glutinous and purple rice soaked overnight
13:19 - Purple rice flour, glutinous rice flour, water
14:40 - "Grandma, can you see if sister (or an older cousin) is here!"
16:47 - Add fermented rice wine purple rice
17:17 - Deep fry fish steaks again
17:28 - Soak in marinating juice
18:30 - Purple rice cake
19:00 - Rapidly fried/boiled pumpkin tips
19:18 - Egg pumpkin vine tendrils 
19:31 - Peanut and edamame
19:50 - Purple rice moon cake
20:05 - Spinach fish head soup
20:14 - Purple rice wine rice smoked fish
20:53 - 'Unremarkable' roasted pumpkin
21:36 - "Do you guys get 8 days off from the national holiday?" Sorry too lazy to translate all the discussions, but they're having a good time.
Every time I need to relax and enjoy I always watch her channel.
I love all the videos! You are an inspiration! I strive to live this lifestyle!
Очень трудолюбивая девушка, дай Бог ей здоровья.
Me encantan tus videos,que muestras tus destrezas y habilidades en el campo,tambien tus riquisimas recetas con productos cultivados en tu granja,un abrazo para tu abuelita que es encantadora.
The food looks delicious.  She is a good cook. So peaceful seeing these videos.
Your grandma is so cute!
Very cool... 
Really love her cooking, farming, and when harvesting is the best! ️️️
She is such a master of creating the perfect scene. So beautiful, wholesome and calming. I sincerely hope that she will be able to get back to work and win her lawsuit.
I really admire liziqi. she is so hardworking.
She is amazing.
Hard work and blessed with so many skills
I hope we can one day see more of her videos again.
They put so much effort that is why farmers should be recognized more.
Its amazing that someone this talanted, creative and beautiful is also so industrious.
I cant stop thinking about what ONE day of her life looks like, working on all these different projects, filming it all and then later that day sorting all the clips into different folders like “rice”, “pumpkin”, “peanuts”, etc to keep it all organized and then, when she’s done putting it all together.
I can only imagine the effort that goes into her videos. She so much deserves all the subscribers and views on her videos!!!
It is natural beauty,
It's lovely
I don't have any words to express my feelings about this video
It's really really amazing ️
The place is a heaven . And I love this place very much .
Счастье тебе и твоей семье
Nobody compares to you. We are waiting for your return. Your classic and unique way of doing things make you stand out among the rest. Keep it up. I  pray for your safety so with your grandmother. God bless you.
She definitely has brought many things to the next level.... salute!
This is not life, this is art and life well lived.
Estou fascinado com tamanha destreza 
Esta mujer si que trabaja duro!!
For me ms. Liziqi is one of the best content creators, she doesn't disappoint her viewers and she put so much love and effort into her videos
The hard work that goes into all that HANDS DOWN GIRL!!!
It’s always good to share a good meals with good  friends.
i say it again and again, especially in this challenging time for the world hit by this corona virus,  this amazing beautiful young woman should be awarded the NOBEL PEACE PRIZE for bringing millions of people together ...who watch  her videos and see  how most of us have forgotten  how to live an authentic life.    Of course nothing stays the same.  There is continual progress, we need to feed, clothe and house millions... BUT we need to be mindful of all our actions, as SHE does  in the video,, and we need to live in harmony with nature, the animals and with each other.   The world will not change for the better until each one of us changes.   This one young woman is a remarkable example.  May all blessings continue to be bestowed on you, your family and grandma.
Dios bendiga las manos que alimentan las que siembran cosechan y dan vida salud trabajo calman el hambre y dan bienestar al mundo.  Gracias y bendiciones.
Liziqi создала рай...Приятно смотреть.Просто красавица
She really works hard I love her hardwork
Lizi is such a beautiful young lady, and she is certainly an inspiration to all that watch her videos~USA
So hardworking lady 
She's a Precious Gem and an Angel
Bless her abundantly... 
Whenever I watch her videos I can't stop thinking about the modern and fast life that surrounds most of us.
The work on the farm is hard and heavy, but seeing the knowledge that she has managed to obtain makes me envy her connection with the elements of the earth, her landscape, her land.
It is clear to me that there is enough on this earth to feed everyone, but the crazy modern consumption rate seems  unstoppable.
when she dips her bare feet in the water or on the ground or her hands in the grains, I close my eyes and try to smell the life that can be projected onto the scene.
I would really love to try her cooking, because her food looks delicious.
In this world of chaos and pandemic, she is the only one at peace. Hats off to your skills!
el lugar me encanta. y la forma como hacen las cosas .
son muy valiente.  muy trabajador
I love your videos, I watch every night on tv.  You are amazing and wonderful and you work so hard. 
Just finished watching your “Honey” video, fantastic and awesome!!
Love you and grandma️️
Лизи спасибо, девочка за позитивное всегда видио, за каласальный твой труд, говорят Рай у вас, нет ты показываешь что Рай делают, не место красит человека, а человек место. Всегда жду нового, уже научилась у вас строить, любить землю не ныть если тяжоло а с благодарностью принимать новый день. А как вы паете, я всегда любила пенее птиц и вы как Китайская конорейка поёте и радует всех кто так полюбил ваш мир!
Admiro a esta mujer...otras no sabemos de él cultivo...y Ami me encanta la siembra y por eso La admiro y aprecio... Felicidades....
Ponha legenda disponível em português gosto muito de seus vídeos mas gostaria de saber o que estão falando
She has helped me a lot throughout these times her videos are very heartwarming and pure i pray for you and your family 
I love your Videos. Their are so lovely made and I admire ur skills. Your always working so hard. Truly expiring.  I always watch ur channel when I need some calm me time. With great respect and love to you. ♡
8:56 this single shot really surprised me... She went through the trouble of positioning her camera high up in the trees, all just for a shot that lasted 2-3 seconds?! This is so cinematographic, she is telling a story. True dedication!
Viewed-11/03/2022. She has done and shown an excellent work on the peanut and purple rice. An excellent example for the young. 100% thump's up!!!
Have to say that was absolutely amazing to watch!!! So hard working, what a woman. I have always loved the Asian culture, heritage, art, food,music and the most beautiful women that god ever created. Amazing 
Perfection in traditional.... No words for the simplicity but yet elegant
When she works this hard I don't have the heart to skip ads
Alguém aí pelo amor de Deus, me diz que isso é um filme e essa mulher é uma atriz?  Mulher maravilhosa demais! Ela faz tudo, nem sei como vim parar aqui, mas não vou sair ️
I love love it  I wish i can visit her hometown it’s a. Blessed that she had I love this cycle for me its a paradise even pandemic attack us this kind of nature never be hunger good example
You are amazing lady hard working , you remind me when I was your age as farmer , I grew up as rice farmer and vegetable but you are more hard working young lady you do it all by your self , you are amazing ️️
She must be the most beautiful human on this platform  pure and hardworking. Love her relationship with her grandma too 
Buenos días, me gusta mucho este programa, no sé si ella hace todo ese trabajo ,y si así es es mucho lo que hace , pero sobre todo ,esas comidas y todo lo que hace de comer me parece que es delicioso,, lástima que no tenga traducción, alguno vegetales los conozco, pero toda la elaboración no, como esa semilla negra ,y termina como en un postre riquísimo.Pues felicidades a la protagonista que realiza tantas cosas a la vez, se que son programas viejos , pero algunos no los vi , gracias x subirlos de nuevo, su música también es muy agradable y relajante.Gracias y buen día.soy de México el país.
Id like to commend her camera man for getting high and low shots. Even when liziqi is climbing a tree and such and taking shots of the plants growing with very beautiful frames. He knows how to take liziqi's beauty and amazingness in action.
Stir fry pumpkin vine + eggs yumm, it's my favorite dish. Everything made me drool, now I'm craving some
I use to hate living here in the countryside,  I felt stuck and I couldn't wait  to make enough money to finally move to a 'first World country' but finding your channel and watching your videos, seeing you living the country side life in the most simple and elegant makes me appreciate my life a little bit more. I decided to start documenting my life and it's has been so freeing to just be myself and share it with the world . I owe it all to you,  you have been my greatest inspiration .
Thank you Lizqi
mi sueño es tener un huerto mágico como el de ella donde crezcan todo tipo de frutas y verduras
Mujeres trabajadoras y no se cansan... Las felicito y les mando un abrazo con respeto y cariño humilde...
I have never seen such beautiful creation.. such a fulfilling video.. it has everything  .. this is creation ..this is life..  
Pure talent
Que maravilla  felicidades
While the other part of the world hate farming, this woman remind us the beauty of it.
我不知道怎麼說，妳除了很認真以外，還是很棒，我真喜歡看。
Love this nature I want live with you at list 1 month it's a beautiful lifestyle and your cooking your working life overall amazing 
Allah neşenizi artırsın. mutlu ve sağlıklı bir ömür diliyorum nenenize ve size
I really enjoy Peaceful life, fresh air, beautiful nature. good luck to you 
It's nice to watched her videos.. you can see the beauty of nature..
How in the world is one - a Chef, a Gardener, a Seamstress, a Designer, an Editor, a Caretaker, a Carpenter?!! She is absolutely BEYOND  BRILLIANT. I am in AWE by her and realize the way she lives is Exactly how we are ALL  Supposed to.
Simplemente, magistral!! saludos desde Cuautla Morelos Méxicooooo!! one video wonderful! 
這樣的田園生活誰能不愛呢~
Perfect cooking & presentation also good , salute your hard work 
Deliciosa comida ...  Muy buen trabajo ...
Здравствуйте всем! Какая   красивая и трудолюбивая девушка! Здоровья и благополучия ей и её семье!
wow, i want to learn the skills she has. Liziqi is so smart in all aspects of her life and so caring such an amazing creator. We need more creators like her instead of the usual problematic ones
You are a amazing woman. I get so much relaxed watching you. Peaceful and beautiful.  I  you videos.  Thanks to all of you who do this. GOD BLESS .
We are from Tamilnadu, India, my mother hardcore fan of this girl, she always want to watch her videos and she always praise her hard work. Good luck sister...
The nature of her village is very beautiful.

Hermosos video.  qué ganas de tener esa vida y no la que llevo en una ciudad llena de delincuencia e injusticias.
Vídeos maravilhosos
Beautiful way of living a life, in a true balance with nature, near your family, enjoying natural, good food.
Simplemente hermoso
Unlike other nonsense  videos who have millions of views without even  having much effort on the concept  Videos on this channel is very educational and so inspiring.
Worth watching. 
Mình là người VN . nhưng lúc nào mình vẫn ủng hộ kênh  Lý Tử Thất.thông minh cần mẫn sáng tạo.cảnh nhà rất đẹp yên bình bình dị
I can only imagine the great respect shown when being invited to Liziqi’s home for dinner...what an amazing experience that would be ️....blessings
Am just keep smiling while watching her videos so heartwarming️
Espetacular, riqueza é saber viver.
She just multi talented 
And a goddess in human form ️
I love her grandma so much, my grandma died lately and she was the same, just a chill little old lady living in a tiny village by herself with farm animals, I hope her grandma stays healthy and lively for many long years to come. I adore that life style so much
Pressioza, sem palavra  para descreverte. Deus a abençoe grandenrnte  junto aos seus
I admire her skills .,.very talented and hard working ..
Your farming style is so beautiful your lifestyle and food making is super
For one video you work hard minimum 9 months ..... appreciated.️I am also son of a farmer but I completed my study in a big City Mumbai ️ Loved from garohill meghalaya, India
My goodness Liziqi is a powerhouse!!!! 
This is the life that many people yearn for: natural, peaceful, together with their loved ones, aloof from worldly affairs, without lies, hypocrisy and  epidemic
how talented are you?am falling for your skill and hard workkeep moving
If she opens a restaurants I would eat there everyday and all her ingredients are 100% hand grown by her and natural
¡ Hola Liziqi ! I'm a Spanish woman living in the United States for now. Since I saw one of your videos, one of the first you recorded, I have been in love with the stories you share. As a child, I spent the Sommer months at my grandparents' house in the countryside and that time has been the best of my entire life. I admire the effort you put into showing us what a hard and creative life you lead.  Sometimes when you eat with your grandmother I get very emotional, then mine passed away a long time ago. I truly enjoy and admire what you do but I have a request: Would it be possible to have the translation of the Chinese words shown in the videos? I am really interested to understand everything, and learning Chinese is far from my skills. Thank you so much for making those artworks! ¡Gracias! 谢谢, Xièxiè!
I have to stop watching as I’m getting so hungry for what she was making , cooking. Simple and I haven’t seen those kinds of food before! Excellent cook  all around!
Many Blessings to You and Beautiful Grandmother!
I love your videos because they are so calming
I love how comfortable she's always dressed
This woman is out of this world. No words to describe how incredible and talented she is. OhmyGod
I love how liziqi makes such a good person shes a gardener a chef a carpenter a designer and lots more im sure blessed be (anyone who reads this ) (edit) did I mention she is probably a very nice person too because I don't think I did
Isso q eu chamo de  
Parabéns!
I Love It... food and all things it come from nature 
Beautiful work. This makes me happy, thank you.
The best rural cooking show ever!!! CAN NOT WAIT to see more. Most respected food bloggers ever too.
Her house is like a little village. Rooms look separated into little houses and the garden is all around. So amazing
You are the woman I wanna be growing up. Your so hardworking and smart and inspiring and so calm and I wish to be like you.
Liziqi is one of a kind ️
esta chica es una joya, una obra de arte viviente, simplemente maravillosa!
So peaceful... So soothing...
Now I've found a channel were I can fully relax and calm.
You are a beautiful soul. You teach me so much. You work so hard. I never knew certain foods could be made or stored in the way that you do. Only thing I could ask you would be that when you're using and gathering ingredients, could you put the English word of what it is? I see berries, and leaves and things in your gatherings I do not recognize and would love to know what it is so I can try to find it here in Tennessee USA and try to make it. And thank you so muchfor your peaceful videos. They really help my spirit.
My 1 year old son who can't pay longer attention to anything watches full length Liziqi videos 
Bravo, job well done. Excellent video. Great pleasure in watching, enjoying every bit of it!! Thanks.
I don't  understand how some people can unlike her videos️
5 star restaurant l's dishes will fail infront of these natural dishes ️
This is the kind of life that I dream of
Real beauty of Life 
EN MI PRÓXIMA VIDA ASÍ... LA QUIERO VIVIR ️
I wish she and her team re-open their channel 

All the best wishes for you in your life dear Liziqi
Watching her vids gives me the most amazing feeling, I feel like watching a ghibli movie afterwards. Her videos are like a 20 minute meditation
I respect ur culture and Food. I love it ️️
Thật đáng tiếc khi chị ấy không tiếp tục ra video mới nữa  mọi thứ trông thật yên bình...
восхищаюсь. с такой девушкой не пропадешь
Вы просто прелесть
I was watching you all the time before 4-5 years a go nice to see you back.
What is she cooking- No idea...
What is she saying- No idea...
What are they eating- no idea...
But, hey, I always watch her video. Its gives me peace!!
Hii liziqi,i am from India ,i am seen your hard working videos  and realised that i 'm done 1% of your work in a whole day   you r such a hard working girl i don't understand sometime what you prepared in a lunch or dinner but food looks preety and tasty i really hope i just live in your area such a beautiful nature surrounding you ........you r mind-blowing....... lots of love
Ya me dio hambre con solo ver este canal. Y me trajo mucha paz y alegría antes de ir a dormir.  Quien sea el esposo de esta maravilla de mujer se sacó un dies.
I have no words about her hard work .....May God Bless you and stay blessed forever.....
I wish i can be like her
She's very amazing
Everything is so gorgeous!
This must have taken a year to make this video - I don’t even know HOW I got here but by around 16 mins I was crying. I’m not sure why but the way she lives and works hard never complaining - never being lazy - never depending on ANYONE.... to me I think this is beautiful and we all should take lessons from this amazing woman. Years ago this is how everyone lived. Now we depend on machines and become lazy overweight and have our priorities way out of wack... people complain when their phone dies or they can’t play their Xbox. That isn’t what life is about and most of us have taken the wrong turn in life.... we had so much greatness- so many possibilities.... endless really....so much from the earth and we destroyed it. The world had so many rainforests and so much beauty we couldn’t see.... blinded by greed we have destroyed so much the earth has to offer.... perhaps someday we will learn what’s really important and start giving back to nature... it’s always been there for us but sadly we have forgotten what it’s REALLY there for.....not for us to build expencive homes or to make room for more big factories... the life we have isn’t going to last. It’s not what was intended for us as humans.... watching her and her way of life... this is how it was always suppost to be. It’s truely so so beautiful to me. X
She has a great talent 
I've never skipped ads on any of her videos. 30 seconds ads won't kill me.  This video alone took 9 months to make only for us enjoying it every night before we go to deep sleep.
I am addicted to watching your videos. It's just perfect.
Excelente felicitaciones

Bình yên đến lạ . Cảm ơn chị Liz. Thấy chị giỏi khéo quá đi ạ
Love watching your videos ️
Dream life 
Qué grande es la naturaleza.amo el campo y vivo en el
when things feels sad and it feels like the world is weighing me down, i go to watch liziqi jiejie’s videos. reminds me that life is beautiful, simple and that you don’t need to stress everything at the present.
Aunque no entiendo el idioma, con solo mirar las imágenes es suficiente, que chica tan activa y cuanto trabajo hace, y que decir de la comida, el fuego, las vasijas donde prepara los alimentos, no todo extraordinario.
Столько труда изложено в видео 
I love this culture 
Just beautiful! So talented!
I love watching your videos. You are amazing and so beautiful. I don't understand how you do all this yourself. You great example to young people in your country.
She does more work in an entire day than I've done my entire life...
Me encanta su cultura saludos desde🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
hope to see you again in youtube!whatever happens it probably happens for a reason!
Really awesome natural life and your work hard I am impressed you .I'm from 🇮🇳
Simplemente maravilloso un video totalmente bien realizado de principio a fin me encantaría visitarla un día y disfrutar de sus manjares un aplauso Liziqi mi admiración total.
Yo comiendo nueces y disfrutando. Te extraño 
Only liziqi and her grandmom will survive perfectly in this pandemic
畫面品質變得很好啊！
看來子柒也非空閒著！加油～期待新作～
How can anybody dislike her. She is hardworking, creative, and her artistry is out of this world. Not to mention her green thumb. The hours it took just to make this video is just amazing.
Cuộc sống yên bình bao nhiêu người mơ cũng không được . Mấy món ăn nhìn thôi đã thấy ngon rồi
i  just really love her videos 
Every time it is pure living poetry.
Doğa ile iç içe oluşun çalışkanlığın  ve uyumun harika büyükanne ile hayat güzel olmalı o koca bir çınarı andırıyor bana  Nice life .
que fofinha :3
She's living such a luxurious life even billionaires can't afford it.
Her videos are the most beautiful i dont have words for but peace in my heart and soul for the time i watch this.
How can someone live so peacefully with nature when people are behind internet with the fast paced culture. I really want to have a life lyk yours
I would be grateful if there could be English subtitles for the captions.
Por eso me encanta verte eres como yo trabajadora e inteligente es tan lindo cultivar mi abuelito tenia asi era brillante inteligente pero se murio y vendieron por ociosos yo era chiquita de 9 a10 años a mi me gusta tener mas y mas
Iam very impressed about your doing things keep continue like this ...
Haters will hate and doubters will doubt. They don't understand what Li Ziqi is all about..........
Harmony with nature, together as one. Crops to harvest, work to be done.
Green green fields, mountain air. Home cooked meals, elder care. Peace and love, no despair.
...........A world of something special, something rare, something fruits of labor can only bear.
Замечательное,дающее силы и новые знания,видео.Спасибооооо!
Gái còn xinh + còn nấu ăn ngon 
Good food good life 
Lucky's family️
Thanks for ypur video you show how  countryside people leaving in simple and  healthy lifestyle. We proud of you  more power!
Fajny kanał
A lot of us wanted to live a life like hers, but no one wants to start leaving the city life
Невероятно насыщенное и успокаивающее видео! Наверно самое любимое из всех этой девушки ️
so sweet that her sister visited with her husband, they brought new cloth for grandma, grandma was so happy, and they helped Ziqi with cooking and cleaning. In Chinese culture, the Mid-autumn festival is about family reunion, may all the families in the world could be together and live a happy life!!!!!! drop a like and share the wishes!!
Really miss her, hopefully she’ll make a new video soon
She is living an very peaceful life who agree 
Liziqi You are inspiration 
Очень нравятся Ваши видео.
6:56 we call this flower in our country is ( Evening Malti Flower)  সন্ধ্যা মালতী ফুল  
The most satisfying moment is to seeing her eating food after such intensive hard work.
Meu sonho morar com ela
какая трудяжка))) трудится целый день и не жалуется)) свой дом это круто. Тоже так хочу)
If I had a chance I would travel to learn about your culture, I'm impressed.
Сколько труда в таких съёмках...а смотрится легко)
Какая красота  это места  просто  рай, всё ест , все  натуральный продукты  ни какой химия нет,
Полезных продуктов  организма, они про аптеке  ничего не знает  на верно, свежий воздух  везде зелёный  чистая вода,, ничего  не пакупает  наверно, хозяйство  всё сами  выращивает   вот это жизнь. Вам всем спасибо большое  научитесь  какая настоящая жизнь показываете.
She's definitely not on youtube just to have a millions views and subscribers.
Her hardwork is what I admire the most, As well as her passion for what she is doing.
I pray that more blessings will come to her life as well as to you who's reading this comment

This is just one of the Videos on Youtube that has such beautiful content.
If someone asks what a beautiful woman looks like... show her this video!! I hope young women  would internalize this and learn the virtues of true beauty is work and service to family and others.
Es una chulada este video, nada más antoja los platillos que realiza y ella también
I just fell in love with this beautiful girl and her channel 
I love this girl she is very talented,industrious,she know how to bake a cakes,how to cook many kinds of food,she knows how to plants peanuts, pumpkins,cucumber and others there are many foods to eat ,fruits ,vegeatables etc...
Você é muito inteligente você é de verdade coloca a legenda.  
This girl teaches me we don't need all these technologies to live. I feel like she lives in a different world.
She is like the real life Cinderella 
This is incredible, not only the editing is top notch, her skills are our of this world; you can't fake this or edit this kind of talent into existence.
I admire the effort on the video.  It deserves an award.  If one asks what a beautiful woman looks like?  Show them this video.  I hope I women would internalize this as a meditation and reminder of what beauty is all about.
Beautiful girl,in a beautiful place doing beautiful things 
She should get a 3 star chef award
I want to be skilled like this! I love your channel.
Awesome content ️
Many people want to have a life like her, living in the countryside with abundant natural resources. But I don't believe that they can truly live like her. Just look at how hard she works... With life like that many people will start to complain in the first day...
As a chef myself this is nothing but an absoulte inspiration to me and awe striking......just wow
Ela existe de verdade??? 
The amount of work she has done in this video is greater than the work I might have done in one whole year! Feel guilty after watching such beautiful hard work.
Im from india i love to do farming like this 
gia đình thật là hạnh phúc ,cô ấy thật là mai mấn vì có một gia đình hạnh phúc 🇻🇳
They put so much effort that is why farmers should be recognized more.
This is true life 
Perfect life in forest or provinces 
Умничка - больше нечего добавить, таких ещё поискать!
Dokonalá videa, ukazují nám, jak vypadal ráj. Milá a krásná herečka, široký záběr na kulturní dědictví, skvělá relaxace pro diváka. Jen lituji, že neumím jazyk a už se ho nestihnu naučit, abych mohla srozumitelně poděkovat tvůrcům všech těchto filmů.
Así  sería la vida en México  sin los malditos carteles ni nada de eso. Muy sano y limpio.
Truly inspired every time when I see your video, the part i love the most is gardening. You have done such a great job.
You are a wonderful daughter of a family.
The time and effort she puts in her videos to satisfy us, help her family.. Etc, this woman is amazing, I respect you.
New video please I love it, I learned so much from you
She is an inspiration!
Te mando saludos desde Perú muchas bendiciones
I love the way they smile 
Lo que más me maravilla ,es que cocino ella todo ese banquete,y ella solita!
Me: this day sucks
Liziqi: releases the video.
Me: what a nice day!
IT's so lowkey to live in the province. I also want to live in the province coz it's therapeutic and less anxiety.
Please try to upload ur vlogs every weekend... have a beautiful day  
Mình là người việt không hiểu tiếng trung.
Nhưng mình lại thích cuộc sống giống bạn
Yên ả bình lặn.mộc mạc.
Không cần tranh đua với đời.
Cảm ơn bạn đã mang đến những cảnh đẹp của người Trung đến với MN 
Cam ơn bạn nhiều
Понятно , что жизнь на земле порой  не так легка и красивая   как её показывают нам . Но все же пусть над этим каналом трудился не 1 человек, все же он вызывает массу приятных и положительных эмоций , а что ещё нужно. Жизнь это череда наших чувств , эмоций...Благодарю за канал.  Жаль что нет обновлений видео ...короновирус помешал ( экономические проблемы) ?
Wow!!!  I have nothing but admiration for you.
Li Ziqi's grandma must be the happiest old lady in the world.
無意間發現您的視頻太棒了謝謝分享
What a skilful strong lady full of strength lovely fresh environment plenty of nature day and night thank you so much for your time and space.  Amazing.
QUE BUENA Cosinera es y sabe hacer de TODO de este tipo de mujeres hay muy pocas , eres una gran mujer 
Включила видео, чтобы немного забыть о войне.. Господи, как же хороша обычная, простая жизнь 
Am willing to buy seeds from Iziqi any time if she has extra seeds after harvest
everyone in this household must be so healthy with all this natural food ingredients
Her cooking looks Soo yummy 
I genuinely believe that living a more wholesome life like this would help with mental illnesses like depression. We would be healthier, stay younger longer and generally live a happy more rewarding life. I cook, bake, and garden I can tell you I've never been happier.
Me encantan tus videos, me dan tanta paz interior ️
She is really hard working 
I love your cooking
Vos vidéos sont bien faites, agréables et apaisantes même si on se doute que cela représente beaucoup de travail. Ce sont des moments de poésie. Merci
I'm sorry to say I think I fell in love like having all in one lady congrats on you beautiful farm and blessings to you .
Ordinary life, a strong woman, the most important thing is her love and care for her grandmother.
There is no man on earth that deserves this woman, she is amazing! She doesn't need a man if she's not married. If she is, that man must be a saint or he must have in his past lives saved his country 10 times to get rewarded in this life with a woman like her.
She is wonderful person  love from India 
Cần một thời gian dài mới có một video tuyệt vời thế, tôi rất thích kên liziqi liziqi 
I'm a picky eater but i would love to try eating all the foods she cooked.
Em xứng đáng được mọi người yêu quý. Video của em rất công phu và chất lượng. Chúc em sớm đạt 100 triệu người đăng ký.
This helped my mom with her deppresion. Thank you, Li Ziqi.
Thật ngưỡng mộ, tại sao một cô gái nhỏ nhắn như vậy lại có thể giỏi giang và đảm đang thế chứ. Có thể làm vườn và nấu ăn ngon. Cuộc sống thật tuyệt vời
She has all the skill , technology ,resource ...that's rare combination
Really love the village life
This woman works this hard, has this much knowledge, and is this breathtakingly beautiful...just wow.
こんな食生活送っていたら、病気なんて無縁だろうな…便利な世の中になったけど、手作りってやっぱり凄いや！
The 6.7K people who dislike this has no life and didn’t know how to appreciate the beauty of nature and Lizqi effort to make this video.
She’s Literally an inspiration, Wonder Woman ️️
Actually, this girl is truly successful in her life. she is luckiest person who do not compete with others only enjoy own life....with nature..
Absolutely amazing 
Really loved that natural beauty's and surroundings..
Beautiful, hardworking, connected to nature, a perfect example of a perfect woman, and then theres western girls, who cant even cook instant noodles properly.
I wanna live there and learn everything from her ️
Я смотрю эти видио очень давно. Может год, а может больше. Точно не скажу. Но они для меня  как успокоительные, как релакс. Этот человечек, это женщина или девочка, она просто Ангел. От неё набираешся столько энергии лучезарной, что нет слов выразить . Дай Бог ей здоровья и процветания.
Their culture is so amazing, so much respect and love for the elder ones, after all, old treasures wisdom because they have achieve the biggest goal of them all: LIFE. 
I love how they share their food, something so delicious and yet so beautiful too. Her videos are so beautiful, relaxing and so full of knowledge. Wishing you always the best Liziqi. You're my heroine. ️
Hard work really pays off. .
Very Impressive i liked the way you cooked and fantastic. Will try my own to cook this traditional Chinese Cuisines..
Κυρία μου τι να πω !!! Είμαι 67 ετών στη ζωή μου δεν έχω συναντήσει πιο δημιουργικό άνθρωπο από εσένα !Έχεις όλο των σεβασμό μου !Συνχαριτηρια !!!!!
以前想着出来，现在好羡慕这样的生活
素晴らしい動画です。良く働く女性です♪
I love Liziqi the most because she shows us how she plant her very own veggies and fruits.. harvest them and she cook them. Complete!
Какая прелесть все её видео.
Сколько навыков в различных областях.
how beautiful place that I love it wish I could have like that, aamiin
Hi  Li Ziqi,  Big fan of your videos. Please avoid using plastics and polythene materials. This help us to eliminate unwanted plants but not good for us.
Million of likes ,is not enough . 
Beauty beyond itself.
Guys really I'm love in with these videos how neat and clean life they are leading and we ,we ppl living in smoking areas while I'm seeing these videos my mind voice is like I want to go their where it is I want to stay their.it gives me peace of mind. Every one should want this type of life. 
This woman is amazing and how she respects her grandmother is amazing and all the food she cooks looks amazing and their garden is beautiful
Jedzenie przygotowane Pani rękoma to istna poezja, feria barw i smaków.
Szkoda, że nie mogę być tam z Panią i popróbować tych wszystkich wspaniałych potraw.
Wyglądają bajecznie i pewnie też tak smakują.
Ma Pani złote ręce, dar który wart jest najwyższej ceny. Dziękuję za ten film pokazujący, jak inna i jakże cudowna kulturę wschodu.
Pozdrawiam, życząc zdrowia, szczególnie dla Pani babci.
Youtube should make awards for this kind of inspiring content creator
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL LIFE WITH YOUR GRAND MOTHER,.....WOWWWWWW
This made me hungry! 
Come back soon ms Liziqi i love ur videos so much
She never failed to amaze me
When you take care of nature, nature takes care of you.
This lady is a chef/gardener/farmer/carpenter/fashion designer/seamstress/entrepreneur/engineer, lol she does it all!!!
I love cooking and farming.If I get chance I will visit her place.
Кажется так легко ей все даётся.Но это же тяжёлый труд.Смотрю и любуюсь!
看影片是一種心靈的療癒，應該只有李子柒作得到
We in the west go to the supermarket or shops to get the food we need️BUT this hardworking young woman by the way she gets her food shows how we used to feed ourselves and like the people in the video we used to be a lot healthier
So beautiful,,amazing food,,,,,,and sis yu are very swwwt and hard working girl,,love yur style keep it up
I'm so proud of my girl liziqi. you've come a long way in YouTube. I've been a fan since you were just hundred of thousands subscribers. and now lots and lots of people are amaze with you and what you do. you never fail to make me feel at ease specifically in this time of pandemic. i wish you all the success you deserve.
I realy astonished to see her ability,hard working and reality
Боже, как же мне нравятся пиалы из которых они пьют вино, знает кто-нибудь как найти подобные?
Totalt smukt ️️️️🇩🇰 super filmet
so jealous. The human body craves this type of ethic. To be able to have the land to grow like this is almost impossible where I live.
Золушка!
It's such a great joy to see grandma join in the festivities. She looks so happy. Bless you all.
I dont know what I feels on watching ur videos...its jst magical..Jst fels like some anime or something..I truly appreaciate ur hardwork a million loads....If I WAS ABLE TO  LIKE VIDEO AS MUCH AS I CAN I WOULD DO TONNS...now my dreamlist got one more line..to meet u aleast once in life..   Atleast a small glance ..I think many of ur subcribers would love tooo.... I think u have a very big fanbase in INDIA   LOVE U LOT
Only for her videos, I never skip the ads. This level of hard work, talent, competency, dedication, creativity and passion deserve every penny of it.
U Pani nic się nie marnuje, wszystko jest wykorzystane w sposób umiejętny. 
I ten przerób skarbow natury na okres zimowy.
Ale to wszystko jest efektem Pani cieżkiej pracy, żeby to wszystko tak pięknie wyglądało.
Widać natura chojnie Pani wynagradza, te miłość do przyrody.
ЭТО лучшее видео ,которое я видел в своей жизни
Lijepa djevojka.Sve uredno.Sklad s prirodom koji su kod nas naši političari uništili.Predivno za pogledati
Боже какая она невероятная. Супер, я восхищена.
Her face is like fine porcelain: an absolute beauty!
I feel really sorry for people who disliked this video. They must be really sad and miserable.
watching this video repeatedly i enjoy watching it..very energetic girl..i love her.
How can a girl do so much work? So many beautiful flower gardens and environments. Writing a Guinness Book of World Records is not easy. You are not only beautiful or polite
I thought Rice can grow only in Tropical Climate but there is growing great in Sub-Tropical Climate
太厉害了, 无所不能啊. 中国勤劳女性的典范!
Too much hard work behind this delicious food 
I don’t understand how you can put a dislike on such a video...Incredible. Envy is very bad! The soul turns black!
人类需要精致的生活，这就是真正的文化精髓。
здесь очень легко показывает а самом деле очень трудную задачу она выполняет и главное у нёё всё получается на супер классно ! Она умница 
I click on these kind of videos just to relax:)
Beautiful food
Супер,вы, молодец!!!
Who loves Liziqi? She is a true earth citizen.
Andai aku bisa seperti dia ️️️️ sangat menginspirasi banyak orang ️️️
It seems that they even don’t bother to think about the rest of the world around them , because they are really very happy in the Heaven they created themselves.
Play back music is so sweet and make every move in the video even more beautiful .
Liziqi , you are really very beautiful and very spacial too , what you think , what you do and how you do .
This girl is as amazing as the life she lives.  Truly a Wonder Woman most other billionaires in this world would easily envy.
My inner self would always say, I want to be like her.
Iam frm India but I like this channel liziqi  you are very hard working  girl 
What an incredible woman and video!
Love you LIZIQI and youre videos 
May the whole world lives in peace , happiness and harmony like her. No conflicts, No war. WORLD PEACE！
Luar biasa, sangat menginspirasi.. 
The video told us about harmony of nature and humankind. Who could refuse such life with peaceful and joy.
When will you be back?? I would love to see your new video  we're waiting with lots of love
Does anyone know what variety of peanuts they are? They are distinctly pale, with purple-brown markings, unlike any sort of peanut I have seen, or can find pictures of online. 
The seed pods look similar to some purple-skinned peanut seed pods, but the contents are clearly dissimilar. Its been driving me up the wall. 
Интересно наблюдать культуру и быт людей из других стран
I watch her videos before I go to sleep. They are so soothing and help calm me after a long stressful day. Thank you Li Ziqi for making such beautiful videos for us!
Bideos, con proposito, ta hermosos, e ispiradores a sembrar! Semillas gracias abrazo, a la abuelita Dios las bendiga, siempre.
Nơi bạn đang sống như cảnh tiên trên trời , chúc bạn và Bà luôn khỏe mạnh để ra những video thật hay. Thanks
Why dont you make some more videos from your cooking food?
What a good house wife! Hard working woman.
The beauty of video...all the work done by her...
Greetings from Lapland, Finland!

Thank you, dear Ziqī, for another soul-stirring journey into the natural harmony of country life. Your tales remind me of the words of another lover of nature & countryside, a Persian exile & prisoner from over a century ago, saying:

“I have not gazed on verdure [greenery] for nine years. The country is the world of the soul, the city is the world of bodies.”  (Bahá’u’lláh, circa 1877)

Your beautiful, fairytale-like stories relate a similar message; they evoke a sense of spiritual meaningfulness. It is obvious that your youthful soul is home to such meaning & beauty.

My dear wife & I live in Lapland (Northern Finland). We are surrounded by a different, yet equally beautiful & pure & uplifting natural environment.

We also have young friends from China -- our former university students -- with whom we have a special connection, who keep in touch with us, and who have become like our own children. Sometimes we refer to them as our "xiǎo tiānshǐ" (or "little angels").

Your virtuous and angel-like quality reminds us of them, our pure-hearted Chinese daughters. It fills our old hearts with hope to know that such angels still exist in the world. 

With love & affection from Lapland,
Partow & Anne
A multi-talented young lady farming in such pollution free environment ! She is virtually a fairy living in a lost horizon !! 
多才多藝的李子柒，猶如生活在仙境的仙女！！
Now this is called content. You know it when you don't feel like skipping the video and watching it until the end.
This food looks like heaven food on earth...really.i feel like if ill eat it ill become 100 free of all sickness and will live healthy long life....
Какое разнообразное питание!
How did you make the pumpkin germination ball? What type of soil and other materials are in this seed germination ball?
You are amazing chef a strong woman hhh good luck 
與泥土對話，的
（真實生活），有踏實感，
有生息，也有盼望。
If anyone’s gonna ask who’s my favorite princess, I’d say it’s liziqi.
好詩情畫意，又見吹煙升起，好美好美的風景畫呀！好令人響往呢。
The dislikes are probably from people whom she makes feel insecure about the lack of skills they possess compared to her . She is extremely talented and cooking is an art for her . What a special woman. She is an eptiome of what a traditional woman in Asia used to be ; beautiful , hardworking , fantastic chef, resourceful and just amazingly skilled
Thật xem video nào...cũng làm bở ngỡ luôn...
GENIAL!!!!!!!! SALUDOS DESDE ARGENTINA!!!!!!!
Liziqi... where are you? When will you upload your next video? Missed it so much
What can she not do : she can cook, build her own oven furniture, harvest grow her own vegetables and fruit, making clothes, preparing her own makeup products . Hands off to u girl. 
Душой отдыхаешь !
Cô ấy thật xinh đẹp và tài giỏi. Thật ngưỡng mộ 
ну ты все показала оч красиво .но мы то знаем что за кадром .сколько труда и силы потрачено
Nunca vi uma mulher tão jovem e tão trabalhadora
cantik rajin pinter masya alloh ️️️
She is working so hard 
But never look tired
She is amazing
Научите нас так жить!!!
She's like the secret princess growing up in the countryside
I hope someday ill live like that
I want a more organic life like this honestly- being in America it’s hard to find furs, areas. And I’m pretty sure I’m far too lazy to keep up with this lifestyle, I can always dream though haha
Omg I'm so jealous.. that spike thing kind of nut is 1 of my fav and here we get smaller than that actually way smaller than that...
такая  работящая  девушка  красавица  очень  люблю  смотреть  её  видео
I love her channel.
We gotta give props to her team of cameraman and editors as well. I’m guessing she does many videos projects all at once and it’s up to the editors and cameraman to organize everything so it can be published later on.
One of the best show in history ever made
Absolutely perfect.
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷️️️
开心或是不开心的时候都喜欢看你的视频，同年同月同日生的我们，希望你一切都好。
子柒怎麼都沒更新了？我在台灣，很喜歡你影片
She is a 5- star chef. No certification needed.
I watch her videos over and over again..
Humble lifestyle.  Beautiful woman.
How hard working she is.. 
Beautiful  !!!
Original ancient Cantonese Chinese lifestyle culture must be saved  as  mankind  culture.
Bravo bukur shume duar arte beautiful 
I dunno why people do not appreciate the photographer or videographer behind this video, I love Liziqi's work and appreciate it a lot ️️ but the way it has been captured by the person behind the camera is remarkable. I feel together they have made this channel successful. 
She's amazing 
I really like seeing her have fun and jump around excitedly, makes me see a side of her we rarely see. Love you liziqi
So many skills at such young age. Wow amazing
Watching this again... i miss Liziqi.  
传承中国文化精髓，特别那个筛谷器，让我想起了小时候在剥谷站的情形，谢谢！
And to think we here in the west think stupid people like Gordon F***n Ramsey are good cooks. Thank you for all your effort this is a real eye opener to me.
she is a farmer,chef,rider,singer,derss embrodidery desinger,wood worker,artist,celeberity                                                                                                                                                                                    she is so hardworking
Bu enerjiden bende istiyorummm
Какая умница 
Chị giỏi thật 
Although I enjoy these videos, they are relaxing and entertaining, I never forget that there are not the reality of the Chinese people.  They simply portray a fantasy that many would love to have.... In fact if all Chinese people lived this way then nobody would be watching the videos, they would not be special.
Очень сильно девушка сколько трудилась.
This not a vlog, it's  pure art .
Обожаю ее бокальчики из льда!!
Wow...it's a different world 
chuc kênh ngày càng phát triển thành công
You are high talent of culinary cooking chef.I do admire of the way of your cooking yummy foods making my tongue dripping too much of water  in my mouth especially where you lived in  elegance  in Sichuan  country side.
She beautiful, smart, strong woman.. perfect girl..
This is what true wealth look likes. Not million dollar houses or fancy cars. A wealth of knowledge and self sustainability.
Ģosro  de   tudo  o  que  ela   faz   pois  ela     é     muito     talentosa   esse     llugar  é    lindo   e     maravilhoso    PARABÉNS!!!
Kalau nonton channel ini ,ada semangat ,ada harapan ,ada kekuatan yang tersimpan dalam semua pribadi wanita,,, so tetap semangat menjalani kehidupan ini dengan do'a dan usaha ,,Tuhan akan selalu bersama kita,, aamiin ya rabbal'alamiin 
She is like Jill of all trades. Gardener, botanist, chef, carpenter, etc. She is a real life Wonder Woman.
In love with the wonderful things that you are doing, my best wishes for you!
Thanking you for the beautiful nature based content. Just to say, in my newly released book, Re-imagining mathematics,  by Ashna Sen, I explore how the whole of mathematics can emerge from nature,  the arts and even community...exactly what you do!
I wish I could have a wife like her
So many skills at such young age. Wow amazing
Liziqi we hope that you come back soon 
She must be so healthy to eat this way. Everything fresh, seasonal......
she is so precious.
Kuddos to the whole team! Nice video as always
What sorcery is this?! Love at the first sight...
ما شاء الله فتاة جميلة ومزارعة خير من ألف رجل تحياتي من الجزائر
beautiful girl & beautiful farming 
The reason why those people dislike her is that they must feel jealous about her, because she is a pretty, multi-talented, kind and hard-working fairy girl
生活很简单，但很幸福。เป็นชีวิตที่เรียบง่ายแต่มีความสุขมากๆ 这是一种非常令人羡慕的与自然共处的生活。เป็นชีวิตที่น่าอิจฉามากๆคะอยู่กับธรรมชาติ So Nice So Good So Happy ️
Amazing ️️️
انت انسة مذهلة تحياتي لجهودك وتعبك
Was für eine fleißige Frau
Je rêve d'une vie pareil
She is the most hard working and patient woman I have ever seen
这女孩儿太强大了，真是钦佩不已。谁娶了她，真是八辈子的福气。
This is the way we are supposed to live.  It makes me cry how far removed we've become.  Thank you so much!
Most diligent and skilled girl in world. She is so small in size but she can do thousands of things. Never seen someone like her.
Looks delicious!!
Wow they eat fresh produce From their garden and farm.. I love this kind of life but tedious and Hard work needed .
ดูแล้วน้ำตาจะไหล เป็นชีวิตที่ผมฝันหา ขอบคุณที่ทุ้มเทครับ ผมอยากบอกว่าเวลาที่คุณเสยไปมันไม่สูญเปล่า ดีมากครับ
Your so nice to your grandmother
I just know she’s living such a genuinely happy life and gosh I want to join her
Me ha relajado muchísimo tu video
apa cuman gua yang kangen banget sama konten liziqi?
Que delicia uno comer lo que cosechó
So beautiful️ where can i get those extremely cute sake glasses?
I could watch this till the day i die and I would regret nothing.
After a long period of time of efforts, I see the dishes she prepared might not even be available in 5 stars restaurants!! Great video! Great concept! That's I call a real youtuber!!!! Love from INDIA!!
hi! sorry to interrupt you scrolling, but i just wanted to remind you that you are very loved, needed and appreciated. there is so much waiting for you in the future, so hang in there! be proud of yourself, you went through every type of pain, family issues, trust issues, heartbreak, insecurities, depression, etc. You went through it all alone, but never gave up
Execelent imagine work. Lijiqui is one of the best innocent beautiful nice smiling lady who knows everything , do everything . Me a big fan of lijiqui from Bangladesh. I like her everything. I wishes her every success. Best of luck......
We miss you Lizzie...plz come out princess ️️
Это какой-то новый уровень кулинарии
I never see such a talented girl with beauty and pure feminine also hard working ... If see is my neighbor or friend , i may be fall in love with her ... You can't judge a people from youtube .. but see is kind of girl, every man will think her as a beautiful peaceful life partner .... Also talent
If Liziqi was on Come Dine With me

Guests: Are the Noodles homemade?
Liziqi: Yes, and so are the bowls and the chopsticks and the table and the chairs and the table cloth and my clothes... etc. etc...
Does she really do all these alone  or someone behind camera helps her? It seems suprised how only one person can does so many things without any help and having so many skills .
This woman is so ”Amazing” Her life is so Quiet & Peaceful!!! I'm loving this channel 
She is very efficient in her work
Wow this reminds me of my childhood
Dream to live a life like this. I love you
Какая же она пчёлка Майя. Это наверное у всех китайцев в крови. 
Она так органична во всем, что делает
If you can add English subtitles to every conversation it will be better
Traditional chinese cooking is fascinating. Most western cooking i can imagine the taste but with the ingredients used here i just have no idea what this might taste like, really interesting
Truly  paradise ..️
Beautiful life and beautiful girl. BEAUTIFUL NATURES = PERFECT ️ I LOVE IT ️️
Please start uploading your video I like so much watching them
Интересно подошла смотришь и не можешь оторваться.  Сама продумывала  комбинирование роликов или кто та помогал. На режиссёра случайно не училась.
I miss her making new videos
Li Ziqi is busy with the autumn harvest and has relatives at home, so the update of this video takes nearly a month!
真的太厲害了！佩服
You taught everyone,,,... Hard work payoff definitely
我是台灣出生長大的人，我喜歡李子柒的視頻。
Lấy được 1 người phụ nữ xinh đẹp giỏi như này là 1 điều may mắn của người đàn ông. 
Tuy trung quốc nhiều nơi còn nghèo nhưng về văn hóa giáo dục của họ luôn là số 1
 Mình rất yêu Trung Hoa. 
Có cảm giác như kiếp trước mình từng sinh ra ở đó vì chỉ cần nhìn thấy phong cảnh lòng mình lại thấy bình yên
Chỉ ước có cơ hội được đến trung quốc sống và làm việc ️
Chị Lý Tử Thất là mẫu người phụ nữ mình cần tìm và là người phụ nữ mạnh mẽ 
Is this which place?

Oh my god it was really natural.. i want to spend some time there....
This woman never fails to astonish me.
Parabens vc inspira muitas pessoas!
If everyone work diligently like this beautiful lady, the world will be fill with all our needs. Thank you all for such wonderful beautiful creative video.
How hardworking u r.
What happen to the world today. Thank you for showing us how life should be always. 
I miss liziqi  how long shes not active on YouTube 
they have a professional team to support liziqi
Kênh này mộc mạc giản dị thật
She showed everyone what life is.
This is true life.
I don't want to be comfortable but I want inner peace
Menunggu karya mu selanjutnya kaka ziqi 
She does more work in one day than my ex did in a year...
Thse videos are fantasy she so beautiful and her portrayal of life in videos is heavenly has come down to earth 
And I wish I could marry her 
Does anyone know what song she uses in this video? It’s so beautiful!!
I really miss your videos dear liziqi ️
Who's agree that her cooking is superb..let us give her a round of aplause also for the plating of all her dishes rather it is the main dish or the dessert..all skills of a master chef
I have no words but say all the best dear...for such satisfying video...
This is healthier for my psych than watching a violent movie or playing a video game. I don't care how much help she gets.
人類生活最簡單最好的生活，農婦山泉有塊田！
You build different!
Love you ,fighting ;-)
大開眼界
Why would someone dislike such an amazing content? 
Don't be disheartened people. There's so much of hardship behind this. Peace  be with you all.
A real goddess!
Snow White might be able to sing to animals but Liziqi sings to the Earth.
The perfect person !!!
Қандай керемет 
Saya sangat suka dengan video anda ️️️.
Dear Ms Liziqi - which part of China are you? Is it possible to visit and learn some amazing food preservation technology you showed in your channel?
She is amazing
I never skipped the ads. She deserves it.
I need to get back to my work. I am so obsessed , I can't stop watching.
This girl is enchanting!
first ever video 30 seconds in and I'm your new subscriber. Love the video
After watching this video, I´m physically dead tired
Amazing!
请再次带上你的视频..我们喜欢你的视频......来自印度的爱
Some people say that she has only Chinese fans ! But there are alot of international fans present here to have some peace   . And there is no language barrier she says everything by her work and we enjoy that its inspirational  Thank u
Love from the India 🇮🇳 
I like this farming
Một bài hát rất hoài niệm , nhớ những ngày bồng bột của tuổi trẻ, chút kỷ niệm của tình yêu, lời chia tay vội vàng đúng như cái bồng bột ấy. Đức Phúc cover lại bài hát này tâm trạng quá !
De ügyes! 
И красивая ведь девушка, хозяйственна и домовита. О матери заботится, готовит... И внешностью нежна. Мечта почти любого мужика, что мужем хочет стать. Но всё ж, хозяюшка, все эти овощи, и раки, рыбы... Ну это же не мясо! Такое можно вкусно есть, но если хочешь ты не мужика, мужчину всё ж приворожить, должно быть мясо в пище. А рыба, раки - ведь не мясо. Ну не запомнит желудок мужика такой скромной ведь пищи... К тому же, если всё ж по правде... даже если и с саке, без мяса, а тем более без водки - для мужика сплошной облом...
We miss you liziqui
Was it just me that really amaze by her knife skill, cut the fish with perfect thickness. I've Diploma in Culinary Arts and learn to cook since I'm 7 years old assist by my mom. But she is amazing really talented and skillful person. I'm glad that I been your fan since your vid just 9 to 10 minutes. Lot of love for you 
Magnificent!
Its showing her patience.she is very neat and turning everything into beautiful or delicious. I think no one skipped this in middle
This is beautiful
very nice video thank you beautiful young lady, respect and gratitude
So beautiful life...
สุดยอดคะคนเก่ง
Wawooo lovely presentation... 
The way she was jumping like a kid n having fun. So cute.
She was standing on a branch like that,looks so Scary
I adored her so much
Excellent, very hard work by Girl
Who would agree that she is very beautiful ️!
this video is pure joy.
She is hardworking.
My parent always told me never left a single rice coin behind. because every rice coin is the result of hard working farmers.
Tomas mucho sol y no te pones morena y tus manos no las tienes ordinarias.  Cuentanos como luces tan radiante
나는 언젠가 당신의 설거지를 정말로 사랑하고 싶습니다. Liziqi의 천 히트
Love liziqi from Bangladesh ️️️
So good amazing
One of the best woman in the world 
She is the most powerful woman I have ever seen and has multiple skills in engineering, farming, thrift, landscaping and a chef.  It is the struggle.  Great love from me.  10/10
Smart and independent woman
I can't imagine how many folder in her computer. Everyday take a shoot with different concept and then edit it after every shoot complete. She is wonderful women. Its hard to be someone like her.
You and what you do are amazingly beautiful. I feel the power of Natural Healing in it.. Xie xie
I hope She is safe and sound. We miss you.
Luar biasa perempuan yg tanggu dizaman sekarang sudah cantik hebat segala hal juga begitu sayangnya pada ibu perempuan idaman buat semua para lelaki
Одним словом, сногсшибательно
I missed her videos
Watching this really inspires a person. It's realizing the world around us and even though I can't understand the language, I see her story and her feelings. This is beautiful
I will build my outdoor kitchen with a big wok...Lovely dishes and beautiful victory garden..
Ungaa all video yannaku romba pidichuirukuthu so my fav neegatha Mam️️️️
Love️ from sultanpur, UP, India
Amo a esta muchacha .... Dónde puedo conseguirme una así ¿
Liziqi please come back...we miss you so much..
I love Liziqi, she’s so hardworking, beautiful and talented woman ever.
Her videos are so relaxing, it feels like I’m living in ancient China.
How peaceful 
Waiting for liziqi's new video. Please solve the case as soon as possible.🇮🇳
Masha ALLAH beautiful
Allah bless her
This is life 
Felicidades Li.
As a person who loves culinary arts, I can feel the healthiness of this meal just by seeing it. Any kind of a culinary art cannot top these traditional culinary arts. I appreciate all the people who worked hard to create this beautiful content. All the views worth it.
요리가 아니라 보약 이라는 생각이 듭니다 이렇게 이쁘고 참한 여자가 내 아내라면 얼마나 행복할까하고 잠시 착각에 빠져봅니다ㅎ
To be honest I am actually jealous of her she lives in such a beautiful place.
最近才开始认真看，确实特别好，希望一切顺利。
美麗的人，美麗的風景
Wow 
The fish looks so bengali 
U are very2 good girl ,the most beautiful vlogger ever all over  Asia and all over the world congrats and GOD loves u because of your beautiful 0lan in life.
Id like to commend her camera man for getting high and low shots. Even when liziqi is climbing a tree and such and taking shots of the plants growing with very beautiful frames. He knows how to take liziqi's beauty and amazingness in action.
Ước có một cô vợ như thế
Нет ничего лучше для человека,чем есть пить и веселиться,после тяжких трудов ,можно с друзьями за трапезой приземлиться, всё Богом даное, конечно пригодится, может быть стихотворение родится,,,
Love from India 🇮🇳️
คนก็งาม วิวก็งาม แถมขยันสุดๆ
Lots of love frm NE india ️
Shes like a princess in her own beautiful and natural earthly palace.
И где ты такая хорошенькая живешь? Я очарован, красота, трудолюбие... и самое главное улыбка ммм..... Душевная крона отстегнулась)
SUBHANALLOH  SUDA CANTIK RAJIN DAN PANDAI MEMASAK ..SUNGGUH MENGAGGUMKAN  PEREMPUAN JEPANG ....AKU SUKA CENEL INI ...SANGAT MENGINSPIRASI
Chị ơi trồng cây dâu tây đi
มีกินตลอดทั้งปี อุดมสมบูรณ์
where are you liziqi i miss you and i hope your fine .... You haven't uploaded any videos for a long time. i hope everything will be fine
A quiet country life gives you more years than a crowded,  noisy,  city life...
Tôi muốn được cuộc sống như thế này giản dị nhưng hạnh phúc còn mọi người như thế nào?
Wish I could live like that, out in the nature with fruits to pick from the trees, close to my family and with knowledge that has been brought down from generations. I love this channel. She is so hard working and talented. God bless her. China looks absolutely beautiful.
Я тоже обожаю её .так много  у неё фанаты я бы хотела общаться другим народам но только женщинами ,потому что я замужем ...
beautiful 
Damai kali hidup kaya gini, apa apa tinggal metik 
Please comeback, I miss you already 
May I live with you in your village for one month? I think it will solve all my problems :')
She is a multi-talented Queen! Respect.
lấy dc cô vợ này chác phúc 10 kiếp 
Wonderful! We appreciate a lot to Great Luzuki.
和子柒一样，我也是在四川省绵阳市的农村长大，看的流泪，想家。
I love the gentle music  maybe we'll need to learn her skills..for our future
Вы очен трудолюбий класс 
I just turn on her videos and peace takes over.  
15:03 I respect people who do not make women a cheap commodity for display.. Women are beautiful creature and we should keep her privacy
Beautiful
I miss her videos 
It s like a fairytale love from Sweden.
She is amazing.....
Каждый раз смотрю и наслаждаюсь !!! Сколько  тепла и добра в каждом  видео ролике !!!  Девушка  мастерица  и милая  бабушка !!!  Хорошие  у вас фильмы  и очень  добрые!!!
Your gift of god. This planet belongs to you.... Lots of love frm  sri lanka.......
The most beautiful rendition of the everyday beauty, bounty and gratitude for life. I have not witnessed a more poetically beautiful video on YouTube. Every move. Every well thought out step. Every grateful moment with Grandmother. Every stunning moment that pulls me into the beauty of the simplicity of every purposeful moment of life. So much appreciation for every thoughtful movement. Thank you Liziqi, for the stunning grace, peace and beauty you bring to the present moment. A celebration of all time. Of every generation. Of what is important in life. Your videos are deeply moving on so many levels.
I play again and again and again.... till i exhausted watching your videos... WOW YOURE PRETTY ... LOVE YOU LIZIQI 
I enjoy watching this video. Excellent work
Your life is like an RPG game. I envy you 
你的生活就像一个角色扮演游戏。 我羡慕你 
저런 풍경, 일, 여인과 함께하고 싶다
I love nature this video very impressed lam india but china is most beautiful place I liked so much sis your name
When she met them at the entrance and she was like "Jiejie!!!" Omg such a child spirit! So sweet, must protect
Mashallah 
️
She literally has food at home xD
Just her garden alone is already goals.
I would love to know what those railing red roses in the beginning are!!!
Literally perfection can be seen in everything she does
খুব/দারুন ভাল লেগেছে ৷
অসাধারণ ৷
I want to make her My Wife  & then we  both will do all this work together. She is a very good girl. I am just in Love with her.
凄い美人さん！
ずっと見てられる！
قمة الثقافة
Gracias por leer mi comentario.
Te veo como una princesa
She does everything so perfectly! She is so amazing!
Cô đơn kiếp này chờ người kiếp sau️
Lizi brought back to life the fact that we grew up being organic and naturally creative because of our circumstances. Yes being poor in riches can mean rich in what we have naturally. Liz makes being poor and living off the land God gave us more glamorous. I love the tools and the way nothing is wasted. I love watching her because it takes me back to how simple little things and plants can make big things with just a little creativity and patience. The lock down has shown us that too. Thank you Liziqi.
The cinematography on this channel is absolutely breath taking. I am amazed with the production quality. So much hard work, not just what is being shown clearly, but all the behind the scenes work. Amazing.
Пчелка трудолюбивая. Море удовольствия смотреть эти прекрасные ролики. Такое умиротворение от природы. Это такая неописуемая красота.
How many acres of land does she have to grow all the things she grows
Wow! So awesome...in addition to growing and harvesting, you cooked all day for your dear grandmother and relatives. Everything you did in this video was an act of love. It isn't easy to make literally everything from farm to table...let along make it into a banquet fit for royalty. They are so lucky to have you!~
liziqi we miss you. you do not belong to our country, not from our religion but we love you so much. as a subscriber we all are your family member and we miss one of our members whose name is liziqi.
Imagine getting invited over to her house for dinner—
She is a super being in beautiful and bountiful surroundings which she is worthy of!
Best wishes to all viewers who are inspired with good will!
Liziqi: Harvests the field and cooks gourmet food before sunset

Me: loads, AND unloads the dishwasher today 
Nice 
Hermosa fotografía, entorno soñado y la comida espectacular, excelente trabajo 
くっそ楽しそうに笑ってて草
She is earning, she is living life to the fullest, she is in peace and she literally have everything in her place .
I love liziqi,her grandmother and her surrounding. So, living in Urban city I wanted to try some of the method of vegetable gardening and now I am sharing this online. Can you guys let me know what you think of urban garden?
Oh my god 
I mean How can someone be this perfect at everything....i'm JEALOUS..
You will not believe every time I see your vedio is very peaceful
Молодец, девочка! С какой любовью и заботой относится к бабуле!
you r so hardworking
Whatever people like her or dislike her, she is amazing girl with amazing life that people never could enjoy .
Amazing! You did a wonderful job. Sending love and support. I just found your channel
I'm always amazed by she's content, how long she takes to create content like this ... so cool!  Like we're really there and know all the process...great
She's living in a true paradise with all her efforts.Just came up recently to her first Video and here I am watching whenever I get time .Amazing nature and cinematography as well!
Kia ora from New Zealand  .Its great to see you in your gardens again  and to see your grandmother again too
She is very hard working girl and looking gorgeous
I love this video and great together with your family ️
Recipes please!!!
I rarely comment videos but it feels like I need to here.
I had and still have some hard time dealing with depression and anxiety for quite a long time now and I have to tell that your videos really help me to move foward, I'm not cured yet and I know it's going to take some time to do so but these videos really bring peace in me, it makes me feel like I can do it.
It might sound ridiculous but it inspires me to be a better version of myself and fully live my life.
So from the bottom of my heart : thank you for what you are doing, and I am sure I am not the only one you help. <3
Have been a long term fan of this channel. Thanking you for the beautiful nature based content. Just to say, in my newly released book, Re-imagining mathematics,  by Ashna Sen, I explore how the whole of mathematics can emerge from nature,  the arts and even community...exactly what you do! The pumpkin seeds have a beautiful mathematical arrangement...order and symmetry in nature.
Me encanta la naturaleza.....y el entorno.......
Great video, sis!
wathcing her live like this makes me want to go live in Guatemala and have a lifestyle like this. Guatemala where my husband owns land that is green. We live in USA we own land in the desert but i like more of the green land.
HOW MANY INTERNATIONAL FANS ARE HERE FOR LIZIQI ??
She is my inspiration to live a simple yet fulfilled life.
Amazing  video, what a hardworking people,I cherished every moment…
She is her own queen in her own little world she is talented skillful and beautiful I wanna live like her when I grow up and may I also add she is hard working.
Very nice video 
Wow! Her farmland is so big and she is beautiful ️.. nd her hardworking is  amazing...
My forever idol. 
Ваши видео,как антидепрессанты,они такие тёплые, спокойные,умиротворяющие,музыка волшебная
So many questions with no answers but I love watching! Great family time at the end too!
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman
She's the best authentic Chinese cook I've seen so far. Good job young lady keep it up. No wonder you're famous in your country.
Nossa ela é muito incentivadora, trabalhadora e mostra como nós mulheres somos fortes e produtivas. Obrigada. Brasil.
WOW..... amazing!!
Amooo sus videos 
god always bless you
A kind hearted woman !!
She works so hard !!
She is amazing... I always watch her videos ... love you Liziqi..
Nice work  cute Princess ️
Oh my God  watching 1st time  unbelievable keep it up  from India 🇮🇳
ماشاء الله تبارك الله
I really like how to cook it. something new to me. There are so many ways of the art of Chinese cooking and I love it because the ingredients are fresh from the garden all around the house. Lots of fresh and abundant vegetables, beautiful nature in the mountains and various kinds of vegetables and fruits that I haven't seen before. I've always liked this channel.
I hope everything’s okay in your part of the world! This is such a nice distraction
Me encantas sus  videos 
I love  her vlog
Hi Lizi, I want to tell you that I am fascinated with everything you do, you are fantastic a complete girl in talent and art
Thank God I Found this channel..
Who else wishes they could live there and just take a break from the overwhelming world as of now.
Looks sooo delicious I want to eat it also!!!!!
This is what true wealth look likes. Not million dollar houses or fancy cars. A wealth of knowledge and self sustainability.
I love her channel and her
She is look like a master chef  
Her   plating skill is  super
Solo yo hablo español aki pero si me gustaría ir de visita ahy donde ella vive me encanta todo lo que está chica ase es bien trabajadora te felicito mija
Missing her  new videos so badly
Your so much hard work is admire by world  1 day i love this video and way of your cooking . God bless you from india.
So cool 
There’s no hungers in the world when one is capable of planting seeds
像這樣親近自然的生活是多麼美好啊。 巴西納塔爾   Como é gostoso viver assim junto da natureza. Natal, Brasil
Wow what a hardworking girl  I really really appreciate it sister keep it up 
素敵です
My respect to this hardworking woman
I really love u ...your vedio just awesome.....
I don't care about other people. They can hate or dislike.. All I care is that I will watch liziqi's video because I loved them and its so relaxing.
HerMosa la vida campirana y el aprovechamiento de todos los recursos naturales , así como la sabiduría de ella para hacer todos los preparados. Lindo
Absolutely beautiful and fantastic 
And here I am watching this in my bed eating takeout
Quero morar neste lugar ser vizinho desta jovem mulher virtuosa e fazer as mesmas atividades quê ela faz ,meu nome é Antônio Daniel sou de Fortaleza Ceará Brasil
부지런하네
농사를   잘도하네요
i want her grandmom will live longer, she is liziqi's  happinness and inspiration.
Me encantaría saber que se siente vivir así...
She doesn't need a gym to lift weights, this is so natural and yet dislikes. Well done. Time well spent, yields fruits!
Every moment that i saw her videos, it would be like losing in dream land. The youngest and talented woman I've ever seen!
i love  Liziqi, this is a beautiful video. thank you!
هاي البنية شكد قوية ومكافحة والله هي عن ١٠ رجال واكثر
Lord they aren't never going to let that girl go! 
What talent!
Трудится от восхода до заката, все делает одна. А смысл??? Семьи нет, одна совсем престалелая бабушка. Молодая женщина без перспектив и только постоянный труд
She lives a Studio Ghibli life and I am here crying over it.
Very beautiful and elegant food I love it
You're a hardworking lady with your blessing garden.
One-side LOVE you from 🇳🇵 NEPAL
When I am seeing your video really am relaxing a lot...thank you so much dear...lots of love from kerala
Eu quero morar nas montanhas
I used to play harvest moon a lot when i was a kid and i always loved the calming vibes that villages gives. Maybe that’s why I love li zi qi’s videos so much. I’ve always wanted to try living outside the city tho, surrounded with nature and good people
So very cool!  Love her videos!  Does anyone know where to look for those glasses and small pitcher that she uses at the end with the rice water?  If that liquid goes by another name, sorry.  I love those little glasses and pitcher.
She deserves the fortune that has come her way through incredible toiling.

I am curious though...do 4 people manage to eat the entire food that was cooked. 
I am very inspired and learned new  methods
Women  power and results of loving nature  
It is so beautiful and so naturals
The last 60 seconds is what peace looks like, for me. Liziqi makes my anxiety go away. Love 
I will say this Liziqi, when you have a relaxing no stress life you will last a very long time, while in the western world your under stress every day from getting up to going back to sleep, BUT not ME I retired early in my life to enjoy my life !
Love to give you a hand there, it must be so enjoyable, time consuming but no other worries in your life, no wonder your staying very pretty whenever I see you :)
I am obsessed with all her bowls and baskets 
Poetry, magic, love. Until the end of time and beyond every horizon
Just found! I had to go out and buy a new brain as mine was completely blown. Heaven on earth is the best way to describe this amazing oasis.  I am an addict now. At age 67 I hope I don't run out of time before watching all of these. Omg.
こう言う飲み会いいなー☆
Fabuloso,me encanta
還是妳的影片好看謝謝你啦
City life: simple work, hard life.

Her life: hard work, simple life.
Hola soy yadira admiro su gran fortaleza para hacer tantas cosas es una mujer maravilla xq no veo q se canse q hermosa lavor hace xq trabaja mucho y tiene tiempo para alegrarle el momento a su abuela no m canso de ver sus videos muchas felicidades ojala pudieran traducirlo y nosotros poder hecer un poco de lo q ella ace yo vivo en guasave sinaloa y no tengo una extencion de tierra como la q ella tiene para cultivar pero si tengo un pedaso chico para sembrar aunque sea poco
QUE LINDA VIDA LLEVA UDS. FACIL PASARAN LOS 100 AÑOS  DE EDAD FELICITACIONES UD. ES MUY HERMOSA.
it is a different world where all dogs are puppies all the time heaven must be like that
和你在一起是多麼容易，感受你的整個生活，習俗，食物，在你的陪伴下放鬆
How do you know how to do all of this? I have so many questions.  Like are you the only woman besides Gramma at your house to share all these chores with?  
Don't you get tired?  I bet you are healthy and have had no surgeries or major illness if any at all? I want to know with this lifestyle does everyone stay healthy and live long?

You are so rich.  Of course you see so many comments like that but God bless you even more!  Don't forget to getarried and have a child so they can learn traditions and help you when you get old.
I've only have one word WOW!!!!! She is not lucky!!! she worked for everything she has and does!!!!
I salute to this girl and to her cameraman
Love these BEAUTIFUL an LOVING videos, I'm wondering what the fruit that was being harvested after the chestnuts were? Anyone know?
look. she multi talent and so beautiful ️️️
She is teaching us women how to get back to our roles and work. I love watching her videos. Just discover her. 

Imagine her running her own restaurant and sell her own vegetables/fruits shop.
I am Indian and i love your all videos
I was born in a very closed place with ziqi’s home.  Everything looks so familiar. Their conversations, the food, the mountain, and the wind ... missing home 
太想家啦
Amazing 
Crazy the variety of food she harvests from her garden/farm. I'm so jealous
Какая трудолюбивая,красавица 
Everything u do is lyk a fantasy world  to me but u made it true, A huge respect to u & love you queen forever
Really yr it's 2gd itna hard work ️
Сколько доброты в этом видео.
Bravo !!!!
So here's the story of Liziqi. When she was just a child her parents get divorced, her stepmother was really bad with her and she find herself living with their grandparents. She learned a lot of with her grandfather, that's why she know to do all of that stuff, when her grandfather died, they didn't have money left (she was poor mostly of her life), she and her grandmother searched help with the government and the rural community helped them. She was a Dj (yes, I know it's hard to believe haha), also singer before these youtube thing. Her grandmother needs help now, and Liziqi made the decision that she will take care of her. She started a company to serve rural food to people from cities, and youtube/internet started here. She did her videos all by himself, she filmed and cooked at the same time, some of them takes year's to be finish, like the peach wine. She was born in 89, her actual name is not Liziqi, but it's quite unique the name she choose to be known. This woman is so badass,  and deserve all the recognition and how famous she become. She's beautiful and strong, a example of woman power and person.

ps: English is not my main language, I'm actually from Brazil. I know about her because of chinese youtubers that live here. Im sure you liked to know a little bit more about her, so that's it. Thank you.
The guy whom liziqi will marry will be the luckiest to have her as his wife. Beautiful,  soulful in and out ..
來自泰國，我想說最好的剪輯製作，做得好，付出了很多努力，值得我們一直關注。
子柒妳好！冬天已過！春天已到來！陽光普照菩薩保祐妳和奶奶身體健康狀況良好！現在哪里呢？聊聊近況如何？
I admire her multitasking skills.
love this video
Don’t know why or how YouTube recommended this for me but I am mesmerized. By 20 min in I swear I can smell the food coming through the computer screen. 

Watching this just puts my soul at such ease....
So lovely and relaxing.
Xem mà nhẹ nhàng, tĩnh lặng. Cực kì thích cảm giác này.
超厲害的
Посуда вся чистая ,умничка
I love your happy life.
I’m crying  it’s so beautiful and peaceful
Encantada !!
Нас, русскоговорящих, все больше на этом удивительном канале.Хотим субтитры!!! Всем нравится Лизиги- красавица с золотыми руками и " светлой " головой.
一个年轻漂亮，聪明才智出众，勤劳勇敢的现代女性，赞
Lovely!  So beautiful darling! Beautiful garden as well  Wonderful!!!!
You are amazing
Precioso gracias
O woe no 1 creative brilliant  gorgeous  lady supporting and loved it
This grandmother is still the best cared for in the world, as I said many months ago.
От бабули просто в восторге, девушка очень талантливая. Один вопрос: мужики в деревне есть, что землю копать и мешки таскать?
더 많은 성공을 기원합니다
Foods looks delicious but not easy to prepare them.
Умница такая
coi thật sự phục ông cameraman của kênh này . quá đẳng cấp
Эту девушку мы смотрим семьей уже полгода.Восхищении нет границ.Она стала родной.В ее роликах столько добра и красоты и спокойствия. Спасибо тем кто присоединяется моему мнению.
I really love to see this,,,tq for this beautiful and amazing video
I don’t understand how 19k people disliked this artwork.

O que era realidade
Hoje é Ficção.
Hardworking girl excelent
She must feel so fulfilled when she sees a the winter food store full of her hard hard work. I will now go to my supermarket and buy fish and rice etc and complain when I get home at Having to unpack it and put away, I really need to change my attitude and respect my food better. It’s nice to see Grandma looking so well. Thankyou for sharing your life with us xxx🇬🇧
And you know how much we love China.
Потрясающий стиль съёмки. От видео оторваться просто невозможно, затягивает настолько, что полностью окунаешься в ту атмосферу и забываешь о реальности. Девушка очень милая, смотреть приятно. Иногда кажется, что ей так тяжело и хочется помочь)))
woow el paraiso que linda mujer trabajadora prodijiosa
Вот это трудяга!)) А я жалуюсь, что у меня много работы...
Lovely  
Big fan of u from GOD'S OWN COUNTRY 
A peace pf art ️ can i come live with you 
For those who read this comment I hope that you are healthy and happy like Liziqi
Beautiful setting. Where did you learn all this. I wld enjoy dining with you. God bless you.
She is not a genius, but it can be said that she is different from the rest of the world!
Love from india
Liziki is a hard worker she is a good girl   love you lizi
Good content thanks
City life: simple work, hard life.

Her life: hard work, simple life.
ワンちゃんの釜が可愛いですね( ꈍᴗꈍ)
Wow ..Very Beautiful videos ...Thank you for Sharing...The GOd Made this Earth So Beautiful..Thank you for Sharinf and Please stay connected Dears..
I would like to marry this girl 
Lizi a miracle
Superb
Sichuan is a big province and has really rich products, located in south-west China. She is really living in a nice place and I always want to visit back there one day.
Excellent 
Like a tale. The girl and her family, garden,birds,flowers,nature,trees and all
Which part of China is the place that she live in??? It's so beautiful and I wanna visit someday
Breathtaking!
Very nice
Сейчас три часа ночи , респ Татарстан .... мне никогда так не хотелось в китайскую деревню  , как сейчас )))
Wow look so amazing
Liziqi- climbs trees, is a gardener, cook, weaves cotton, weaves beautiful dresses, takes care of her granny, builds furniture, lifts heavy goods
Me- too lazy to get up from bed and connect the phone to the charger
Lovely girl and lovely art.
DEEP love with All respects from Pakistan 
She's is looks like an Chinese actress 
She is so beautiful and talented
Ты моя умница
This beautiful lady Li ZiQi inspires us to all live peacefully, respectful and in harmony with nature on this our precious planet.
Con người em đẹp từ tâm hồn đẹp ra ,trong vài tỷ người chưa chắc tìm được một người như em. Em trên cả tuyệt vời.
Peace be upon you, and Allah's mercy and blessings
Is the purple sticky rice items like mochi?
Clean therapy.  Thank you for this.  The music is wonderful.  Can you tell me who sings?  Szaham finds only the artist and it is written in Chinese letters.
as vezes só queria largar tudo e ir morar no mato
I feel like she is living in a happiest place on earth.
This is ZEN...Beautiful.
This is like the garden of Eden. There’s everything here
Watching her videos make me feel relax. The amount of calm atmosphere into it. Glad my girlfriend recommended this to me. 
It’s exciting to see how Liziq lives  The dedication, your skills, the spiritual energy involved. Very beautiful 
wow.....all natural organic i suppose. and what a woman.
She and her team are amazing. I keep coming back to these videos for their amazing cinemagraphy (i hope i got that word right) and the pure joy they bring to me. Love the work of her's and her team.
I want to live with her.
Amazing girl! She is a fairy. I grown up in the ruaral and almost experienced a lot what she did in the video. She reminds my childhood.
Gracias desde Venezuela  me haces sentir más animada de trabajar en mi patio y aprovechar los recursos que tengo mis manos y mi entusiasmo y ganas de seguir adelante a pesar de la precariedad de agua, luz, gas alimentos y humanidad.. Gracias por tu entrega y trabajo.. Me gustaría entender o si pudieran subtitular el video.. Aprendería más !!
It amazed me how she worked hard,from sowing,planting,harvesting,and cooking everything.
so beautiful
¡Hola! saludos desde México, sus videos son muy hermosos, me encanta verlos cada que puedo, porque gracias a ellos logro relajarme increíblemente así como ver lo grandiosa que es la protagonista  y el gran trabajo del camarógrafo. Felicidades a todos los involucrados en la creación de cada video. ¡Son geniales!
Buzyet...salut gua... amazing 
She is such a great and hard-working lady because she still insist on doing these works in this fickle and fast-paced society.
Purple rice n chest nuts are my favourites, until I see this video I don't know how they are harvested.. thanks for this girl.. I am a singaporean I eat a lot of Chinese stuff but no clue how they are made.. thanks to Liziqi. I am an Indian!
Какая молодец,красавица,счастья тебе,здоровья бабулечке. ️
Thật sự giỏi quá.khó ai được vậy.
She had bring farming to a whole new level and give it a new and fresh  perspective..impressed
️️️️️
Who loves 李子柒 Liziqi channel?
Simplemente maravillosa!!!felicidades que dedicación que manera de cocinar tan fina 
大家都喜欢李子柒的原因是因为她活成了大家真正想活的样子，平静、安宁。但是却没有嫉妒，只有真心的祝愿，人性本善，大家内心深处都是向往这样的美好吧。
자연의 아름다운 사진 와우 보고싶어요  이집트에서 온 치어리더 사랑해 
曾經說過：她用的菜刀 刀刃是弧形的，左右上下 搖擺時，可做到“剁碎”的作用，同時不會
使被“剁碎”的食物“飛濺”到周圍都是。
More videos please
Xem video này lại nhớ quê
Her videos are my zen
Almost everything is made by hands, back to original life style;    is art:
LZIQI SHE IS NATURAL AND TRULY VERY INSPIRING, 
PERFECTIONIST INDIVIDUAL HUMAN BEING.
️️️️️🇸🇬
Thây tuyệt vời tôi đã từng xem những video của cô ấy Là một cô gái thông minh chăm chỉ️️️
And i think you the best. Thank you for make good video again.
Sorry have to say missing your grandma as well. God bless her.
️️️
I know this lifestyle takes a lot of work and strain physically. 

But something about this video charms me and makes me want to have a life in the countryside, away from my current life. 

I just want to be somewhere, my family and I could live in peace. Not have to worry about the issues of the city.

She's super perfect
5:55 is that a squash growing out of a pumpkin?
Все прекрасных, но как она подготавливает семена? Я не верю, что ей никто не помогает, а сын и дочь?
Bravissima
At last when every one was playing she was jumping like a small kid my heart like totally melt
AMAZING
This is what true wealth look likes. Not million dollar houses or fancy cars. A wealth of knowledge and self sustainability.
Incredible living. No words to explain that life. Wish I could be there with her.
These videos almost make me cry because I long for a life like this. I live in a skyscraper in a city filled with hardened rude mean people I'd trade my lifestyle in a instant for this. Hell the food alone will make you live longer. No processed junk and food deserts
Hiii I'm from  India 🇮🇳   I'm big friends for you strong  lady 
Love this channel so much ️
You are nice girl and hard working girl and I have no idea how you are doing so much hard working  god bless you always
I wish she had a book about farming and cooking. I would be the first person to buy it. Such an inspiration. She is so strong, independent, beautiful WOMAN. The only goddess I beleive in.
My daughter always telling me ' i wanted to be like her' ️️️️
Thank you for creating your channel and sharing your amazing skills. I enjoy watching them and I love every detail of it. God bless!
這優良長米有機黑米在台灣省市價值1台斤250台元上下。
Mabuhay!! 🇵🇭🇵🇭
You are my inspiration and hope one day i can also show the world my little villaga like you do! 
Greetings from the Philippine countryside 🇵🇭️
Natural relaxing video
in Bali we have a dessert menu like this, the name is "ketan injin" (purple rice) mixed with grated young coconut, sugar, a pinch of salt and you can add sweet pumpkin too

and for the wine we call it "berem" which is usually used for traditional ceremonies dan we can drink too
She is incredible and i love grandma, she is adorable too.
Спасибо за ваши красивые видео за ваш труд здоровья вам и вашей бабушке вы очень милые люди
Everyday i watched her video
Amazing girl  I love your food and your presentation keep it up, your husband must be very lucky to get a wife like you.
我太喜欢李子柒了
The rarest human being on the planet, She is️
I love this channel specially the owner of this channel. She inspired me to plant vegies and fruits .
From Vietnam with love <3
Increíble lo que haces.... alucinante.. .Eres Única....Felicidades.
Adorei o vídeo, lindo!!!
️️️
Hola acompanho seus vídeos aqui no Brasil Parabéns a vc e todos da sua família.
We need your more video... regular 
She looks like a farmer,actually she is a big boss.She built her own brand which sells specialty local products.
Excelente tutorial, muchas gracias bendiciones 
Love, live, creative and traditional! Amazing to watch and experience all. Thank you!
Imagine all this effort, and some ppl just took advantage of her. Man,
Great life. Love from New Zealand. Keep making videos :)
小柒人美手艺好，。能娶回之人真是有福也。
Talented and creative living.
Love her video's she is so so talented creative such a beautiful cook and I would love to eat the food she cooks.
A cultura de vcs é  tao linda
สุดยอดค่ะ
I'm patiently waiting for purple rice I love learning new things
Love the pots
Chị ấy còn ra video nữa ko 
I wish I could live a peaceful life like her.
This is wonderful!! 
She is so talent!! God bless her!! 
I wish to go to her house!! 
It's a shame that YT is drowning us with commercials like that.  They never did it so much before.  Still, I love her videos and will watch until the end of MY time :)
Gostaria muito de poder viver uma semana , nesse lugar Maravilhoso 
I admire her skills. What an amazing person.
I am an Indian Girl but i most likely your life style and food
I watched it more than 5 time's  .. your are an amazing person  ..and I love the atmosphere a lot .. I am one of your  big fan after watching your videos..
وااااو مُبدِعه  
I can bet that there is not an inch of wasteland for her. She's utilising every corner of her land. Thats when we can say the line ' I worked every inch for what i'm today'.
Its me again Liziqi, your number one fan, watching your videos is like a breath of fresh air, you seem like a very sweet and kind person~take care ~Doyce~USA
看这个视频让我想起了童年的时光，想起了我的奶奶跟外婆。很安逸的田园生活，如诗如画。人的一生追求的东西很多，金钱，物质等等，最后返璞归真可能就是守着一方山水田园。
I love liziqi channel
gosto demais dos videos que posta,talento criatividade.inteligencia,linda,enfim perfeita emtudo que faz Parabens
釜めっちゃかわいい
I live in a desert , lookin at where she’s living , i feel so sad , i love nature , even tho my country is rich , i dont want money , i want a simple life like hers
Вас всех люблю и уважаю,здоровья и счастья вам!!!
Nossa, viver assim é meu sonho de consumo.
Cansei do urbano, espero poder viver assim no futuro bem próximo, e produzir meu próprio alimento.
You are Amazing
Liziqi is one of the people who inspired me to keep living even if i see no point
hardworking girl
A typical Chinese woman in rural area just like my mother.  So proud of them.
Liziqi is an amazing woman, with amazing skills and amazing nature ! Ur so blessed to have it all
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman 
I am Father of Beauty in the World
I love you Liziqi, I can imagine how much hardship you have in life, However your smiles continues each time. @Liziqi
Amazing like a fairy tale :)) i can’t show my feeling now by any word! Love u Liziqi!
Why is this woman so strong?
It is so wonderful life.
And beautiful rural life..
Place, planting, cooking and natural life ️
AT LAST WE HAVE FOUND THE GARDEN OF EATIN.
Xuất sắc quá!
Meu DEUS é  tudo tao lindo
I love your work wish you all the best
Tuyệt vời lắm
Life used to be very simple. And leave unforgettable memories for people with childhood.

I want to be her assistant, so I can enjoy delicious food made by liziqi and laugh everyday due to a happy tummy. 
Love from Indonesia.
No words for this most beautiful place i want to live there  when i see your videos i feel so relax
I love her videos the voice is so chilling i can sit and watch all day long
Amazing
This is absolutely beautiful  ️
Big fan from Bangladesh.🇧🇩🇧🇩
Liziqi look like more beautiful & healthy than before. And she changed her style too. She look like a princess in this video. I really love her.
amé la primera imagen del video, es hermoso!
I was about to be like "imagen rice wine made with purple rice" and she actually did it I think omg yes lol
You r really great mam... Thease vedios r awesome..  great nature    lover.... No words about you
She is an: Achitect,Engineer,Craftman,Decorator, Designer,Artist,Chef,Carpenter,Farmer, Gardener....! What else left for the rest of us?
So I just sit back and enjoy her videos, Amazing!!!
PS: And she has a cutest grandma in this planet!
I want to live with you ️️️️
She is so hard worker & creative minded.
ดูทำอาหารทีไร้เพลินมากเลย
She is ONE woman in army  
I can't believe she can do everything 
They are the happiest people I have ever seen. Grandma is indeed lucky to have that family. The ending part where liziqi’s focus is shown looks majestic. Your videos are my happy pills...
Hi I am from Bangladesh ,your culture, food habit is completely different from ours but your gardening, cooking, beautiful view overall it's just fantastic mind-blowing & I love it so much when I saw video I feel it's a fairy land you are a beautiful fairy.......
Watching her video made me realized how  lazy I am.
Девушка прелестная, а какая труженница....у меня нет слов от увиденного. Двор, участок, огород , процесс приготовления еды - всё утонченное и со вкусом!!
انه جديده من متابعاتج والله العظيم من كد ما بنت ذكيه حسيتي صديقتي والله ليكول انتي اختي
I don't understand how she can do everything herself. Woman 1001 crafts? He does everything like a professional. Just unbelievable.
Love this woman.  She can do it all ~! 
Love your channels, amazing all the way from New Zealand.
Clip bạn đầu tư tốt quá
Meu Deus  menina  você  e maravilhosa aprendi  fazer povilho  de  batata  doce hum  fiz  os biscoito  frito  sua vovó  e muito  fofa
We miss you Liziqi
She is jumping like a kid when she win the game , how cute is that
Such  hard working liziqi.you are a great inspiration.Thanks.
When seeing the flowers falling onto the cakes, dishes, I just felt watered mouth, and fragrance in nostrils and mouth.
Outstanding video and awesome meal harvesting
I'am from indonesia🇮🇩  saya sangat suka melihat ini 
You are great impression our mind
Maravilloso!
Why doesnt she upload videos anymore ??
Sometimes i wonder what would happen if someone were to show gordon ramsay this video, id like to think he’d be amazed by her work
(Im glad other people think the same!! Thank you for the likes btw!! )
You are a very hard worker . God bless you and give you strenght 
在台灣疫情嚴竣的日常中，看這樣的影像畫面很療癒的。
New video please  I miss yours video
You are my happiness When I'm sad or tired I've watched your channel, I'm very happy.
Hardworking  sister
Who else notice that liziqi has a new rice mill now ....  yayyyyy m  glad  that  she don't need  to carry  such a heavy bag of rice anymore
HARDWORK / CREATIVE - JUST ONE WORD I HAVE TO SAY MAY EVERY FAMILY GETS DAUGHTER / SISTER LIKE YOU.HATSSS OFF///
respect for Liziqi she can do everything!
WOW Wonderful
Good skills in the garden and cooking,  wish can learn some skills from her, happy life.
Perempuan hebat , salut
her life wouldn't budge even if economy crashes cos she is independent, in all fields farming, building, cooking.
I just Love all of her creations.. just Beautiful 
Natural farm with beautiful girl. I love  her video because she's creative 
She teach us how to always thankful to God, how to respect the earth so can earn much more from them. Lovely Liziqi.
Muito bom os vídeos
Imissyou liziqi.. 
Thank y'all so much dearest 
Y'all such an inspiration 
Appreciate y'all from the bottom of my heart 
Be Blissful Eternally 
so cool and very nice! China girls!
️️
She is naturally richest person of the world.
The pictures and sounds of the countryside are so beautiful
The best cuisine I’ve ever seen!
Saya suka sekali sama chanel ini.
Доброго времени суток вам. Я живу в другой стране и смотрю ваше видио. Какая вы красивая, фантастически обоятельная, трудолюбивая и творческая личность. Какой у вас прекрасный дом и место где вы живёте, неустанно любуюсь красотой природы и вашими идеями и делами! Ваши видио вдохновляют! Каждый день их смотрю! Как фильм о путешествиях и чудесной девушке из другой страны! Я никогда не была в таких местах, но благодаря вам, я могу хотя бы так вот, глядя на ваши видио путешествовать и видеть прекрасное. Удачи вам в вашем творчестве и в жизни всего замечательного вам и вашим близким и родным людям!!!
Müthiş bir kadın
it seems Li ziqi is storing food for the upcoming winter, Her store is full of food that can last for almost year.
Saya selalu menonton channel youtobe ini , walaupun saya dari Indonesia tapi saya sangat suka ,,, selain pintar memasak , kakak ini termasuk perempuan yang kerja keras , apalagi selalu berkebun , saya sangat suka sekali ... Ingin rasanya saya kesana , dengan suasana yang alami , banyak pepohonan dan tanaman ️️️️
好厲害，一個女孩子甚麼都會做，住在山上日子真好過，山青水秀太美了
Miss you long time no  see 
She's an empress in her paradise why it seems so pure when she move to the hard task its like so naturally she's not saying any word she don't seem stress she's so strong well disciplined I wonder if she had a suitor or she would like to be a dedicated monk 
And it would be nice if Gordon Ramsey see her the way she prepare those delicious dishes

Liziqi channel is the best channel in the world ️️
Who agree with me??


Love from India  you are amazing 
who else is watching this while lying on their bed and relaxing.
She is the most talented person ever!!! i salute i'm a avid fan from philippines!!!
Wow what a beautiful farm and your cooking look delicious
We need more videos; What happened?
I can't miss every moment ️
That was Epic ️🇮🇳🇨🇳️️🇲🇴️
What are those nuts? Actually I've never seen them before
I like here energy, she never says that she is tired  doing that things but she enjoying  working ..
Какие ЗАМЕЧАТЕЛЬНЫЕ ВИДЕО ! Умиротворяют !!! Спасибо !
Очень красиво молодец!!!!!!!!!!
Woah u are the one woman that very talented
The environment of the surrounding nature is as pure, calm and beautiful, love is more beautiful than that, who is that beautiful girl, and the artistic form of her work.
From vietnam with love
This is like a reallife Zelda village she is running. Everything is so pretty
Rất bình yên và cảnh thiên nhiên thật là tuyệt vời 
I really loved it 
nice
she's so amazing ️️️️️️ everytime i watch her video I'm always amazed She looks like Elsa of frozen.. 
Who wants this life style??
Her: literally waking up everyday cooking, cleaning etc
Me: doing homework for 5 minutes then taking a 3 hour brake
Everything is just soo beautiful 
This is the life .. No corona no bs
All healthy all good
Simple And Amazing!!! 🇲🇽
Now I know how far behind I am in my productivity. And it's shattering. The video is awesome. Thank you.
BEAUTIFUL
You are the greatest chef I have ever seen

There is a saying in Russian. You can endlessly watch how the fire burns, how the water flows and how another person works.
wow the harvest is a lot! she & her family eat good and healthy food from their very own yard
I love her creativity
I love liziqi channel
Очень интересно, рис в бочке. Получается какой-то напиток и рис можно потом есть? Что это за блюдо, хочеться  рецепт? С удовольствием смотрю все видео. Так интересно, смотреть как готовятся блюда. 
Nice video,and perfect aim
It is not clear who and why they put dislikes, it is perfection itself.
Delicious And it is very beautiful
Você é tão linda ️ tem uma expressão de pureza, de uma olhadinha na camara
Я тоже хочу такую жену.
日本には（努力の上に花が咲く）と言う諺が有りますが、李さんはその通りですね！
ことさらの努力ではない、日常が画面に溢れてます。この感動をありがとう！

Oh my chickens!
This girl is litterally the daughter of mother nature!!!





periodt
By far my favorite thing in this entire video is her smacking the tree with a stick, simple yet effective XD
she is a perfectionist, very clean and tide very organized
We should thankful to her grandma and grandpa for raising a wonderful woman like her
Hard working and good looking.
Understanding of natural growing and changing seasons.
Awesome lady.
Well done.
努力工作，长得好看。 了解自然生长和季节变化。 好厉害的小姐姐 做得好。
️️
Descreve em português como você faz esta bola para germinar? Qual o composto que forma a bola?
Que rico  se ve
Who loves 李子柒 Liziqi channel?

️️
Those pumpkins are looking so beautiful
Unbelievable. So impressive and respectable. OMG~
️️️️
uma area boa para cultivar, um espaço para criação, poços artesianos e muito conhecimento, nao pisaria na cidade nem para visitar parentes.
️
Ураааааа любимая Лизи ,порадовала очередным шедевром,обожаю ️️️️️️
that grandma really lucky same liziqi also lucky to have her,the best teacher for her life.
I love your videos 
Una mujer super guapa!
Saya orang Indonesia terinspirasi Vidio anda terima kasih telah menyajikan tontonan tanpa banyak bicara tp bermanfaat saya utk membuat lbh baik dichannel yg sy miliki. ️️
四時行已，百物生焉，道無往不復，天何言哉！
Liziqi will still look like this even after 100 years.
Calm…..productive….relaxed…….simple but complex as well….artfully arranged-production…..use of tools excellent…..natural materials…..pleasure to my heart
legend has it that a girl like her is worth more than gold and silver combine.
i was so enthralled by this video that i didn't even hear my younger sister projectile vomiting in the hallway until she did it the second time. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ absolutely floored every time this women starts cooking
Это просто чудо  Она Золушка ️️️️️ Принцесса  Богиня И просто   профессиональ 
Весело-то как)
一顆善美之心，
一雙萬能巧手，
揮灑著生活的藝術，
傳遞著愛與溫情 ...   
Esperaba justamente estos comentarios.
Qué alejados de la realidad están!
I don't care where Liziqi is from


She is a very hardworking woman and I respect her work
Imádtam minden percet. I loved every minute.
не понимаю, какие идиоты ставят дизлайки? Наверное завистники, которые ничего не умеют, разве что осуждать да дизлайки ставить. Девочка такая умничка!

子柒家的毛小孩好可愛啊！️️️
Whenever i saw your video this dog still same hight
after watching like 5 minutes of her videos, im extremely ashamed to even have a sink full of dishes...
Mi admiración para está chica
omg  this life and attitude are my dream
Ngày mùa trên thôn trang thanh bình với em gái tảo tần thơm thảo!
She is amazing!!!!
Phillipines ️
In every culture, white, assian, black, arabic, all arround the world exists hardworkers, there is a LI ZI QI in every one of them,
Humans most of us are lazzy,  some humans are cappable to change the world with productive actions
From Vietnam 
i love all  videos  of  liziqui.
So great.
I never seen nd imagine such a talented  person ever
I understand that in China there is a one child policy.  And I understand everyone wants a boy.  This woman is worth 10 men.  And her mother is amazing as well.  look how she raised this woman.   She is amazing.
Love from india to liziqi,Best of luck  
神仙姐姐！！抓栗子那里你还抓了两个长条形的果，那是什么果呀？？（づ￣3￣）づ╭～
ما اجملها من حياة ماشاء الله
Love you FC Frome Laos 🇱🇦
The legend said that she actually built the piano, wrote the song and also played the music we can all heard in the background of this video 
Xem lý thất tử trồng hoa màu và và thu hoạch mùa màng thích quá 
we love aesthetics. thank you so much!!!!
4:49 . I feel sorry for grasshoppers
Chúc 2 bà cháu mạnh khẻo, ra nhiều video hay nhé
I love you video. 
Who thinks that  李子柒 Liziqi's channel is amazing?
Absolutely wonderfull, thanks.
Parabéns menina obrigado.
风景特别好
Porfavor q alguien de hablar hispana me explique de que va esto!! Me esta haciendo crack la cabeza.. acabo de descubrir este canal, este es el segundo video q veo... Pero todos estos.platos.son cocina tradicional china o creaciones suyas?? Madre mia es lo mas brutal y hermoso q he visto sobre cocina en mi vida!! Vaya artesania, ante esto loa cocineroa.occidentales estamos a años luz!!!
Бухнуть ребята не прочь ,едят не пойми что,а так молодцы.
Gym people in city : we are strong
She : hold my pumpkin
Như nàng Dae jang kum vậy. Giỏi thật ấy. Mảnh mai mà khoẻ và nhanh nhẹn qá. Thế này ai chả yêu cơ chứ ở đây là thiên đường ở đâu vậy, gì cũng có, hoa cũng nhiều và đẹp nữa. Cảm giác thiên nhiên xung quanh đều yêu c ấy nên trồng gì cũng tươi tốt, sai trĩu qả
This is what every human would like to live.
Fabulous & fascinating 
She is beautiful, bold, hardworking
能否请您在视频中加入英文字幕
Amazing 
Quiero una mujer de esa.
I'm just wondering like how she decorate the food like a 5star hotel
Me encanta lo rico que cocinas.
I watched it again, and loved it again, July 2021

Food looks delicious.
tôi yêu bạn này quá đi
My idol women in agriculture activities..very impressed
Super I wish at the end .they mention what that food items are  called .
Looks yummy I want it tooooooo
I  think their government must be happy and proud for all this chinese youtube vlogger showing to the world their village and yet simple happy life and their great  culture.Chinese people àre adorable and beautiful.I am an avid fan of chinese movies.Thanks
I don't know u ..I don't know ur name .but ur really a hard working girl..I love you
Suka bgt nontonya adem rasanya ..pengen punya rumah bnyak kebun nya
Semma life super
" I am  liziqi's fangirl from INDIA " 
KEEP SUPPORTING HER
She is the best woman in the whole world. I love her
Amazing with your food ,your Talented, your video, your garden and your pretty face 
Blessings of the nature
Корзина с тыквами очень тяжёлая. Не надо самой тягать такие тяжести!!!!
Fantasticno!
So peaceful ️
Love from tamilnadu
This girl has it all. She's a good cook, she's pretty, she's interesting and funny. I will always be a fan of your videos
🇧🇷
Coi này cảm giác bình yên vl ️
️️️️️
والله كلش حلوات 

I just discovered your Channel. Watching your videos are like a balm, to my exhausted soul. 
I'm in Everett Washington in the US. I have seen so much bigotry and hate in the last 4 years, I didn't think I would find anything beautiful again. Until I found your videos. Thank you. It is literally just what I need right now. I will say blessings and prayers for you and your grandmother. And again thank you for helping me smile.
Вот, китайцы живут хорошо, кушают от пуза плоды своего труда. Это очень хорошо, потому -, что нация китайцев имеет устойчивое развитие. Я очень прошу Бога, чтобы он тоже дал нам свободу мудрости, которая обеспечит наше процветание....
Amazing️
masha allah !
Omg her struggle ️
Жёнушку бы такую 
That is A LOT of hard work. She really deserves all the appreciation.
You're always wearing an apron all day, you're so good
I don't understand why people dislike this video? I love watching it in my bed relaxing at night. Who else does? I have been following her channel for so longggg...anyone else with me. Sending you love from our beautiful Scotland ️
Amazing!
Wow beautiful ️
mãi yêu con lý tử thất
What are the purple leaves chucked in at 20 minutes? I’m very interested to learn about other cultures plants especially edible ones.
Wow super I will many more happy so happy liziqi
I love how she plants the seeds in the balls of dirt that’s so smart
Very peaceful and inspiring
That chopper though  ow wee. But beautiful show to watch. Watch it every day, very authentic and calming. Reminds me of Marie kondo sparks joy, because she is very delicate and pristine in everything she makes.
الناس و الطبيعة
unusually peaceful <3
We miss u liziqui
This food is not only good looking, but I'm sure they're all delicious. It makes me realize how much work and care goes into making food.
aos pensam que isso é cansativo e demorado, estao certos, mas tu acordando as cinco da manha e encerrando as cinco da tarde, com o tempo se acostuma, afinal nao precisa lidar com pessoas diferentes todos os dias, é tu e seu terreno.
这是中国农村生活的远景，也许30年以后。值得等待！
ôi trời con gái  nhà ai mà giỏi dang vậy trời
Hebat ya, semua buah bisa dikonsumsi sama Liziqui, dikerjakan sendiri lagi. Apa sayur mayur n buah2 yg dia tanam nggak mubazir karena terlalu banyak, secara mereka makan hanya berdua saja.. itu jadi pertanyaan saya. Atau dia jual? Hahahhaha

Wow, what an inspiration this young woman is. I am in my 71st year and do not have the energy that she has, I also live where it is hot and humid but she inspires me with all that she does. Her life is lovely, full of joy in living each day.
Bro how do you guys have so many different kinds of crops on that farm? And how does it all get maintained?
Imagine if everyone starts living like her , 99 % of the contemporary problems will no longer be a problem.
Beautiful!!
ITS AMAZING TO SEE D HARVEST... PLENTIFUL... BLESS HER...
Woooow verey good ,I'm from iran , alwayes following  video for you
Такая  умница

She doesn't make just one dish , she has to make a whole feast everytime and give us complex . ️️️️
️ superb  
Amazing!
Liziqi Where are you girl? 
6 month gone Where your next video 
Are you all right  From Bangladesh 🇧🇩
She do everything that I couldn't do
Where are youuuu, we miss uuuu 
Yang orang indonesia katakan hadir hehe, apa lagi merantau jadi rindu kampung halaman kalau lihat channelnya liziqi, betul tidak
Her garden is a mere paradise, and she is cute too.
Selalu suka videonya dan pingin coba resepnya, tapi ga tahu dia pakai bahan apa saja.
Where Liziqi now? We miss you so much...
ชมอย่างมีความสุขไปด้วยครับ
เธอยอดหญิงอันดับหนึ่งในใจเราเลย️️
Your husband gonna be world's most luckiest person eva  
I feel honored to be able to view your videos. I don't know what planet you came from but you have gone far beyond the average human on earth. I realize this video took weeks, if not months, to prepare but you knocked it out of the park. I only wish I was there to experience this in real life. I can only imagine... Thank you.
非常喜欢看李子柒的视频，不知为什么，看到有一集，她和奶奶一起吃饭，我流泪了，想起了我的奶奶....
There are alot of other youtuber who try to copy you but I can't enjoy their videos like I do yours,  you just put sooooo much love in everything you do and that makes it very special. 
Thanks for your wonderful videos  
Can't wait for the next one. 
Островский уважение и поклон с 
Камчатки
看著心情很平靜  也許這就是人最簡單的生活
ฉันชอบวีดีโอของคุณ️
Selalu suka️
Halloooo,i,m from Indonesian
Like you video 
It took 22 minutes to watch just think about her that how many months has took to done all these wonderful things to her...️️
일도잘하고 손재도좋고 아름답고 팔방미인
When a woman living without a man...she's going more stronger and innovative...I proud of this girl...sorry I'm watching it late...love from Indonesia...
Liziki ya no as sacado videos porque me gustan mucho tus videos
 beautiful
My idea of paradise and happiness
As a rice farmer's daughter, I can confidently say: Nothing is better than freshly harvested rice. 

By the way, does anyone know what the variety of the rose shown at 2:18 ? After years of watching her vids, those roses still capture my attention~
Using your boot to get chestnuts out of the husk is the tried and true method.
a goddess amongst mortals
What are the small glasses she is using called?
What a great woman
Grate dream  life, natural life
She really inspired me to do farming. Now I started doing it step by step. She's very hardworking and beautiful. Worth to watch so inspirational woman!!
So much work that only young could do.
I'm crying at how perfect she is. So capable, so feminine. Why is she a real princess?
Her story telling is always amazing and there's no doubt about it but hats off to the composition, color grade and timelapses. Everything is so pleasing 
She shows a very difficult task in such a wonderful, easy and positive way️

Favorite so far! I absolutely love these videos & dream of a day when my family can live this way. My four year old loves to watch before bedtime. Thank you, Liziqi, for sharing your wonderful life with us. ️
I miss you where are you going please come back 
This channel is my therapy. I sit and have a cup of tea and just soak up her enthusiasm and hard work! I am always amazed at how many things can be made from one type of crop!
Such a hard worker. She and others like her inspire me every day. Love from Wyoming, USA. 
This video is all-together in another dimension of time than all other youtubers. Captures such seasons, fragrances, and life at length!
I am wondering how they are recording this
It’ll be great if these videos had English translations so the viewer can follow long and be able to use some of these recipes. 
looked great
Другой мир, другая культура, но до чего же приятная девушка. Удачи ей.
literally I can't stop a video if i opened it even when I'm busy ... everything is beautiful you, the music, the nature, the food, also working hard is beautiful there. thanks for these videos
Amo tus videos Liziqi, esa vida tranquila, rodeada de naturaleza. La musica insidental de tus videos es bellisima. Un abrazo desde Mexico
How kind she is
Farming is very hard, back-breaking work. I know from experience. Kudos to anyone that can sustain themselves long-term like this. It is an inspiration for other farmers <3 Thank you for your peace.
Now this time nobody works like you but you what i say about you i always        safart you
Как она искренне радуется гостям! Видимо до нее сложно доехать. Все супер и завораживающе! Многое в диковинку для нас. Кое что берем на заметку Благодарим Вас за большой  труд!
You do it with great patience,starting from cultivating the land,planting and harvesting.Something inspiring and diffrent and i am very happy what you have shared with us,we wish you and your family healthy and prosperous,warm greetings from me in Indonesia
I am a Liziqi fan from Indonesia, I hope there will be translations in Indonesian as well as other languages ​​besides English, please .. I really like the videos from the liziqi channel in my opinion this is very interesting and entertaining, inspiring too, I always pray that Liziqi will continue to be healthy and happy
She is very hard working yet beautiful at heaven place
this what is really life should be, we are on best technology this time, but never forget we are part of nature, and this is the best example humans life should be. we can use technology to make life easier without sacrificing nature.
Wow!!! Wonderful creation
Are you from  Muslim territory?? At a point 1:12  of this video,  Maybe I heard something like Azan!!
I wonder if Disney would remake this into Mulan Part 2?
These people are real farmers, they grow every thing they eat, raise all their meat, I'm sure that there are men farmers there with Lizzi, it makes no sense other wise, Lizzi has no trouble with her chores, she has all the help she needs, she is beautiful~USA
Такая прекрасная атмосфера царит в каждом видео. После просмотра прям хочется начать что-то творить. Девушка очень сильно вдохновляет.
INCREDIBLE  : )
快放那里有点莫名喜感 XD  这个视频让我知道了栗子是怎么长出来的了 
Tuyet voi qua em oi
Your beauty makes me doubt the fact that you exist
Прямо пчёлка, вся в трудах и заботе. И почему одна, неужели мужчин в этом селении нет? Судя по отсутствию кольца не замужем и детей не видно. Напишите адрес этой красавицы, поеду и буду помогать в её нелёгком труде))) Только боюсь я ей, как собаке пятая нога с моим диванным образом жизни. А жаль... Успехов в жизни и семейного счастья, пчёлка.
She lives in a life of peace, joy, and harmony, not affected by what's happening in the world at all. I wish Seattle and the rest of the world will turn back to their normal beauty as soon!
আপু আপনাকে অনেক ভালো লাগে ️️
wao  esta  chica  como  aprendo
무하마드와 그의 가족에게 하나님의 축복 오, 안전하고 평화는 그에게있을 것입니다.
Harikasınız güzel kadın
راقي  هادء  وراحه نفسيه
Wholesome lifestyle. Her cooking method is beyond next level and she can throw.. I dunno what it's called... Chinese dart. Can we just all agree that she's the most wholesome woman on earth.
Linda!
I’m curious how everything tastes  it takes a lot of talent to be able to multi task like she can. When you first look at her your reminded of a flower very beautiful and delicate looking but then when you continue watching you really start to realize and admire how much strength she has.
Saludos desde Chile 🇨🇱, realmente impresionado con tus habilidades, y tú gastronomía, eres extraordinaria.
Again and again  watching this video I loved to watched how she cooks the veggies and the yummy sweet purple rice cake️
fiks ini istri idaman semua orang
Everything she does is art. I admire her for the great work she does in all her videos.
Liziqi is women a man can be very very happy to have her as wife  he can't ask for more from God, I wish she could be my wife  ? I love her for everything she does  ,she is very beautiful
Realmente es algo de admirar todo lo que hace, se podría decir que es digna hasta para convertirse en ejemplo para todas las mujeres sin dudas.
muchas fuerzas, saludos desde Paraguay.
Such a amazing effort in making this video.  Very peaceful and calm.  As well as enjoying family and friends gathering.  Love the work and the serenity it brings. 
Her videos are so calming and peaceful it puts me to sleep im so glad i found your channel and your grandma is so adorable may god bless her with more life

I love watching the videos, and wish the recipes were available in English. I live in far Northeast USA where the weather is much colder, but I still have grown upland rice and many vegetables I see in the videos.
Anyone saw the strange thing she captured when she did the time lapse of the starts towards the end of the video
“Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”
Que lugar lindo! Parabéns pelo trabalho e vídeo! Quanta fartura! Maravilhoso! Namastê. 🇧🇷
It's interesting to see a young woman living this life....
Amazing and wonderful nature...I wish that I can visit her one day to do this with her....
All my respect and best wishes for you lady....You are the best example  and a very good guide for this generation ..
God bless you
️️🇩🇿️
Idk, i just falling in love with they way those plants grew... Its healing
beautiful i love you and your video
omg she is so independent and those people who disliked her should have shame, she is also pretty and beautiful as well :))
Thank you for inspiring us Liziqi, Love from the Philippines.
You amaze me Liziqi you touch my life in incredible ways, with your heart, skill, kindness and love and respect you have for your beautiful grandmother and nature. Bless you dear one for many more years and videos to come.
I wish to live in such a fascinating home at least for one day 
I really love the nature I wanna live how she lives 

Shes so talented. I just found her. Benge watching in the middle of the night. 

Watching Liziqi in the quarintine truly makes me miss my childhood days when I would wait for the summer vacations to arrive. So I can go back to the village my parents come from. Can't help but remember the days as a child in the village, roaming around the mountains and sweating buckets under the hot sun. Playing cricket with just one bat and a stray bamboo stick with my cousins and the neighbourhood kids. Just messing around in the house when the adults are gone, running to the bed when a loud thunder is heard during the rainstorms. There a bridge under which a rail track goes and more often than not, we would just walk along the tracks on a cool evening. Munch on wild raspberries without a care about our stomachs. Playing with almost torn Uno cards while sitting high up on tree branches cause the younger children wouldn't stop ruining our game. Dying from heat and just making a hell ton of newspaper fans cause the electricity was cut off for like a week. Playing a test of courage at night but everyone's so scared we end up all going together instead. Would try to balance on thin log bridges and visit river beds, lose our sandals in the mud and nearly topple away trying to climb the slope (mostly me, who lives in a city. The rest of them rarely fall off).


Now all of us are nearly grown ups. No one is willing to endulge in these "childish activities" anymore. My village now developed a lot, there are less fruit trees to climb on now. The small paths to climb down to the rail tracks are gone as well. 


Sometimes I remember the anguish and pain of tiredness in my body I never experienced while being back in the city, as my cousins force me to climb up a hill with them for the 7th time.


But I have also never have felt more alive  in those memories as well.
O material apresentado é tão rico e maravilhoso, que nos faz chorar e rir ao mesmo tempo. Que lindo lugar, que mulher incrível é essa. Parabéns por tudo e obrigado pelos videos.
Spinosa-SP- Brasil
How it is portrayed is amazing
Every detailing is beautiful

So inspirational  truly shows the beauty of hard work.
傳統農村家庭邊得閑種花插花搞到咁有詩意㗎，屋企啲嘢做都做唔切啦!
Какая же ты умничка ,рукодельница да и вообще супер 
Que hermoso ese lugar  yo feliz si estuviera ahí 🇲🇽 mujer super trabajadora creativa además de guapa inteligente 🇲🇽
She cook so well and all the stuff she use was fresh 
When i need healing.. i come here
I watching her video cz it’s give peace of mind when I heard the nature sounds, in city life there are only traffic sounds and lots of noise pollution.... when I watch Liz video it’s really makes me calm and nature’s sounds a very calm 
Liziqui iam waiting for your next video 
She is so so hardworking
I truly appreciate that to no end
I wish I could be at that table! Everything looked so amazing
Please share Li Ziqi's video to all your friends and let more people know about her. I hope she will be number 1 on YouTube.'
I like this content so much.. she really appreciate Nature.. love from 🇲🇨️
Oh my goodness!their foods looks so yummy & inspiring...love to back to the mountain.
年輕還有力氣,應借助推車送重物,否則身體耗損大...
I really like this video because watching it makes me feel like I am in nature.
Hard working!
My favorite channel: It removes all the stress etc etc.
Beautiful and peaceful video! Thank you for sharing! <3
Uma vez repeti uma receita da Liziqi e ficou tão bom.
她居然有1600多万订阅  神奇
your vids are amazing honestly helping me with my mental health right now...THANK YOU! Xxxxxxx
Heaven in real life
How can ANYONE dislike her videos????

 I just don't get it.
I wish I could get links to all music in her videos.. They bring me so much peace and joy. I adore her videos and style so much
I like watching her of everything she does and I admired their cultures because they don't even have no time for tv I love to watch this so relaxing want to learn of how to cook their food 
Wow so cute rose
I'm just thrilled, the colors, ideas, traditions, all the work, richness with all veggies and fruits, flowers...the half things they eat I didn't know we can eat!!!  And everything is just so beautiful ... greetings from Croatia...
Who shoot all the things amezing yar 
She is one of the most beautiful  girl that I have ever seen in you tube. Her each recipes are unique. I am all over from Nepal. Most of the plant  veg fruits landscape are similar as Nepal. I have learned a lot from her. Thanks to all the crew members exploring such a brave, strong, kind hearted girl and the real beautiful rural life.
I wish there was a house tour and a tour of the property and a tour of the garden. List of food and vegetables she grows and what she perseveres. . Most of these videos are her day to day life which I love but I’ll to see the whole picture if that make sense. Anyways much love from Canada 🇨🇦 
This girl is so hard working and so beautiful! I like all she does and how she does it! Thanks a lot for the video!
I'm from Yunnan Province (south to Sichuan Province where Li's based) and I'm amazed to find out I have already tasted all the dishes in the vid since I was a kid back in my hometown. 云贵川（Yunnan-Guizhou-Sichuan ） share much more things in common than I assumed.
The time lapse is so nice! 
love from Bangladesh country
Es tan trabajadora que siento gusto al verla, se ha ganado mi admiración, la labor del campo es la tarea más noble y humilde que existe sobre la faz de la tierra. Sin nuestros campesinos no seríamos nada.
Very very nice video
To think she isn’t even 30 yet and she does the work of like 5 or 6 people all by herself. Whenever I need motivation to put some real work in, I watch her videos and realize it would take a lifetime to do what she does in one video. I don’t understand where she gets the strength to do such back breaking work. Wonder who taught her how to do all this. Does she ever just sit still and do nothing. I really love how she has so many animals around her - dogs, cats, and other farm animals. She seems to appreciate every side of nature. Hope she stays healthy with her grandma for a very long time. ^^
I love everything about it, especially accompanied by very peaceful music. wanna live her life
非常好 I’m thrilled by the amount of taste and beauty, absolutely great!
Serasa nonton Yoko..... Salam dari Indonesia MBK Liziqi
¿A alguien mas le gusto ver a liziqui riendo tanto?

Se ve muy linda... 
I really like this ur,racepi..s all video's
Подписана на Ваш канал - уже как год. Всегда восхищаюсь природой Вашей. Молодцы ребята!!!       Люблю Ваш канал.
Just got spell bound for 22 min! And suddenly you will understand, U can't thank enough those farmers from all over the world, the actual heroes of human civilization!
彼女がとても勤勉であることが大好きです ) I love her being so diligent.
Livin' life
I don't know half the ingredients she uses(, esp.the berries) but I love what she does🇰🇪
Where are you. We are waiting for your new video please come back
Боже это прекрасно!какая девушка на руках носить и любить!какая кухня как все чисто,аккуратно,рай для перфекционистов.
Liziqui te admiro muchísimo, haces todas las cosas que yo quisiera hacer y aprender, amo el campo y la naturaleza y al ver tu casa y entorno, siento que estás en un lugar muy privilegiado.
Cuánto daría por estar unos días en tu casa para disfrutar de toda esa paz y aprender de tí. Dios les bendiga a tu abuelita y a tí ️ saludos desde Mérida Yucatán, México.
The most inspirational woman on YouTube. Truly remarkable 
Everything is perfect ️ I amazed her 
Felicitaciones, un ejemplo de vida.

now this is what i consider living!!! and how i believe life on earth was really meant to be...i am WOWED!!
I'm 0.5% of her hard work  I'm too lazy
太了不起了，没什么能难倒你，，您纯朴，聪明，对生活充满热诚，佩服你
Masha Allah....

Such a talented lady, I have ever seen before...

Support from India...
такой должна быть женщина жена мать сестра бабушка прабабушка трудолюбивой спокойной простой простота чистота душевная такая душа уже в раю поэтому никого не оставляет равнодушным желаю ей здоровья остальное у нее есть с любовью из молдавии
अप्रतिम ️
The food quality level 100 
We miss you...plz come back
She’s literally so pretty and everytime she makes something it’s so satisfying
this girl lives the life of a fairy tale, and lives in an area with pretty much every single resource of food, and tools at her finger tips. i would be so amazingly happy to live a life like this
Is it possible to get a translation on the foods and other descriptions? 
con muốn cưới chị này mẹ ơi
So much things to learn from her.i do really admired her cooking and way of preparation gosh its amazing beautiful.
beauty and healthy
lady of dream
Невероятно талантливая, прекрасная душой девушка!
Que coisa mais linda esse vídeo. Parabéns 
While all of the sudden there are countless of li zi’s wannabe on the internet, her sense of story telling and the cinematography art is what made her the only li zi !
Wow! Beauty with brains. Organic stuff. Very peaceful setting. 
You are so lucky to live with Grandma!
Good luck and good girl ad she's grandma also good
Hi Liziqi, do you live like that or just make videos for your channel? I am very curious to learn more about your lifestyle. Because I love to grow agricultural products.
漂亮的子柒姑娘、在田間工作時,請戴上手套保護你的手。
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired!!
El hacedor de vida... Recoje su siembra... La naturaleza siempre lo recompensará por su esfuerzo es volver a La fuente de la vida... Estos videos son maravillosos y reconfortan el alma...
In China, some of us were jealous of her and brought troubles and discomfort to the uper. I was shocked that her video abroad was so popular. I am so happy.
Asía es trabajo todos japoneses coreanos vietnamitas chinos su cultura es el trabajo
I am from Nepal I have been watching always  those videos. Amazing creativity skills of Liziqi I am impressed
Менга ёкди .Хамма нарса табий.Киз жуда куп мехнат килди .Как менинг ёшлигимда.Кайнонам Росса югуртириб  мехнат севар килиб тарбиялаганда.Ана ушанда билганман хаа янги хаёт дегани шу эканда деб.
一句簡單短言˙柒小姐˙認真過生活˙家務親自一手包辦˙在台灣的我佩服您。如果有機會我想親自到您家鄉認識您。感恩您的視頻分享與大眾。謝謝您。祝福您和奶奶一生平平安安˙身體健康。
Wow,amazing!u r an inspiration  to learn how to be harddwork aand systematic. All the best. Love from cochin,kerala.
She is amazing,but if translated in English then all can understand the full recipes processing. Love from Bangladesh.
Amazing! Piaoliang!
Que maravilloso todo lo que hace, estar conviviendo con la naturaleza te hace más sabio y productivo, ya quisiera poder disfrutar y aprender tan sólo un día con esta maravillosa mujer en medio de su vergel
luar biasa wanta tangguh....
I’m still amazed that she can get such thin and perfect slices with that sharpened slab of metal. 
It just goes to show you don’t need a fancy, sleek, and state of the art culinary knife to cook.
A translation it would be great! Exceptional videos
She is like a live telecast of someone from heaven for me . Truly mesmerising, humble,caring beauty both in and out . True portrait of How merciful God is towards human until they know how to use the nature !! Love every bit of this 
Я всегда завороженно смотрю эти видео ,как сказка
Amazing, you are the best of all the renowned chefs in the world...
Yung nauubos ung oras ko kht ulit ulitin ko panuoren grbe nakkahappy lang..... i mis you. Liziqi. I hope your ok now.
I'm crying this is so perfect !
️️️️
She is the strongest woman that i have ever seen with multi skills from the engineer, landscaper and chef. BIG love from me.
This is soo beautiful... She is as beautiful as the nature capture here... So pure and delicate but strong and diligent... So many good things in a delicate and fair package... Hope you always happy and peaceful all your life... Thank you for the the video.
Wooowww what a girl she's.. And what a wonderful village.. no disturbance and very peaceful life..️️️
Sometime I felt like she as my friend sorry bestfriend 
I wanna lead a simple life like her
覆蓋膠膜不是原始的種植方式！？
This is what true wealth look likes. Not million dollar houses or fancy cars. A wealth of knowledge and self sustainability.
so interested to watch ur cooking style 
Hâm mộ chị ghê, cái gì cũng có thể làm được 
you are very skillful
I dont understand how 17k people dont like this. This woman is amazing. The production is amazing. She does alot of special things and she has alot of special skills that the modern world would need. God forbid, if there was a food shortage or something along those lines were it would be hard for you to access food or crafty knowledge, you would probably want to be around this woman and her skills to survive another day. I learned a little from watching her videos. Great job and God Bless you Liziqi, i love what your doing.
Me I love it a lot
This is exactly the kind of life God intended us to live.
Is very Amazing Life,  Silence and Peace fully.
From Timor Leste 🇹🇱
the one who edits and records the videos is a genius.
So much hardwork n labour... salute to this young lady..
I really Love This Place 
gw kangen dia sih... 
I can bet that foods that made by her are 10000 times better than Chinese restaurant's food 
Her work, decoration,skin everything is 
Me voy a China a buscar a esa chica....y casarme con ella
This is what true wealth look likes. Not million dollar houses or fancy cars. A wealth of knowledge and self sustainability.
I really want to go there 
How can they say Liziqi only has Chinese fans? I am African American in the US and I love her work. I especially love how she treats her elders, and really everyone.
Miss you 
Anybody who grew up in southeast Asia on a farm, I want to ask, is this really how life is? I would love to live like this and would be more then willing to move, but I don't know if this is completely make believe or if some of it is true or if it's all real....
Very Nice your Farming
Oh, to be the dinner guest of Liziqi...
This woman is magical.
watching her videos is very relaxing.
La felicito por sus Trabajos Que sabe 
Cosinar bien Rico
子柒妳自釀造的紫米酒和！好喝嗎！
She's beautiful,talented and hard working  love her

Looks like a she is living in a peaceful heaven with beauty all around and healthy foods
You are a very hard working person.️
As most people compliments everything of this beautiful intelligent lady.  As an Asian lady myself, (clearing throat)....I can imagine how difficult it would be for her to find a real man in her life.  She is the badass of a mix of both man and women.  She can do it all.  With or without a man’s help.  She is strong.  Most men find it hard to handle a strong women.  I grew up in a little town, my family lived in the countryside, we farmed, and raised our own livestock’s.  I was let go because I was told, I was too strong for him to handle.  But, I see everyone complementing how awesome this lady is.  It brings me smiles because I feel good for her and myself.  I know, this organic lifestyle is not easy.  But, it’s the rewards that it has to offer in the end.  Each time her videos shows up on my feed, yays!  Click!  
This is a heaven on earth I love it
Everything is sooo eyesoothing ️
At 9:13,what fruit is that?
Que lugar bonito, onde fica?
not surprising, how they respect and look after their elderly unlike the selfish millennials in the west today
Whoever reads this:
Stay safe and sound for u and your family. We will overcome this together! We are one humanity one love one blood. Don't let this tear us apart. We have the internet to spread love and positive thoughts. And we have the ones we love to give us the strength to carry on. That's all we need make this world great again let's just all do our best to get this over with and never forget what we will loose if we give up on hope.
Much love to all of u and hopefully we can continue this wonderful life in the next year like we used to know it. Never give up! NEVER! 
Seems like alot of fruits and vegetables grow so big there. Watching her work makes me feel lazy. 
Who is this wonderful smart kind woman that takes such good care of her family? I would love to live there with them it looks so wonderful.
I'm just wow 
wow, this is natural but insane 
So nice
A typical Chinese woman in rural area just like my mother.  So proud of them.
Ваше видио смотреть одно наслаждение  Можно в ваш райский уголок  сдужанкой
I'm impressed how talented ️her
Looks like there's wifi In heaven after all.
My favourite part smiling face of grandmother Yes she has international following ---(from India 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳)
Good for them . It's cold
Горная Фея, достойная только восхищения!
Thank you for all your beautiful videos. 
最后一个游戏大家看着可能觉得只是一个小游戏，但是这个在中国的传统里叫：投壶。古代贵族玩的游戏，据说玩的花样还挺多。
BEAUTIFUL THEIR
She works so hard...
I wish she had a helper out in the Fields...

Grandma is probably a big help to her...

And we take so many things for granted
 here 🇺🇸...and we always want more

this video has made
me even more humble 

THANKS 4 SHARING
Wow. She is very skillful and hardworking lady. Love that kind.
Трудяжки !
The end part is the happiest... Loved it!!
i like all video sister very good video sister
I can't imagine  how bad are the world of  those people who clicked the dislike button.
Que ermoso ver como  respeta  a la abielita .
je suis complêtement fan de cette jeune femme elle est extraordinaire
ทำกับข้าวเก่งจัง
Life seems beautiful in this video.

A person that I was friendly with died yesterday. I came here to calm down. Thank you Liziqi
I love channel I wish I could live there so peaceful
liziqi will never get hungry. she know how to grow alot of things.

I love the skill with which you do things 'cause you make it look so easy...You are Love,  Art , and Culture  reflected in a Beautiful woman
Who film?
This is beautiful
Such a strong beautiful talented woman. These videos are so peacful.
How i wish i could taste their food someday. They we're enjoy eating.
花生的那部分，完完全全跟小时候做农活一样。锄地、种子、拔花生、坐在门口一家人摘花生，那时候拔是一天，摘是几天，洗净，然后铺在地上晒干。跟收割的大米是同一个时间晾嗮。子柒的视频总是让我想起很多小时候跟着妈妈干农活的经历，很暖心，谢谢做出这样温暖的视频！
Love from India. Happy  healthy life . God bless you
I would love for this to be my life
I like very much
The amount of tranquility these videos give me
My wife says I can marry you and she would not even be mad
子柒。你的视频好美～～～
那些毁谤你的本身就是垃圾！请不要介意、继续拍下吧。支持你！谢谢你！
This girl does everything she don't need a man or an ox plow she does  it herself power to the women woohoo
I like how this ends with them playing beer pong xD
Kok mbaknya nggak cape2 yah..kerja terus.. 
o forno mega fofo ;)
我記得福岡大師和稻草的革命
She’s the real Mulan. Periodt
Beautiful place️️️
She's such a competent woman
4:42 this part make confused my mind
Any Indian fan ?i genuinely like her videos ...and someday I'll try some food that she makes ... love her a lot
I hope she comes back
Americans: “Wow, this only takes like 15 minutes. I wanna live like that!”
All of Asia: “This sucks!”
You are hard working, creative in ways we Americans have seen or heard of.ty for letting me experience this channel
She is like a disney princess ️️️
Are you an angel from heaven?  You must be!  ️
Wine/beer made from this purple rice is awsome 
幸哉惜哉，旅半得遇。
聚时亦欢，别时亦喜。
A big heart to liziqi ,love from india
Ur great
Im starting to think she is really Demeter the goddess of agriculture
She is so beautiful and Hardworking 
I wonder how you can have learned so much about farming and about making a living with so many facilities ,tools and well equipped house available  !  
Have you been brought up by knowledgeable and tasteful farming parents ?

No words to express...
Sangat cantik
It's an Asian culture when you visit a home there's really an urge that you also want to help. I also do that most of the time. It's just so embarrassing when you just sit around while the host is really busy preparing for some food.
Grandma  is just the cutest!!
Amazing series of videos
I realy love that girl
Liziqi is the most accomplished woman on earth. And on top of being able to build and create almost anything useful in this world, and cultivate and cook any food, she is also beautiful. How is that even fair?
Cantik 
she must have 99 cooking, fishing, firemaking and crafting  stats
Amazing 
Again, as a Chinese, you have shown me the China that I don’t know
Just amazing 
I'm in awe of this content.
I love you very much ️
Beautiful ️
เก่งเกินคนจริงๆแต่ละคลิป
Siapa di sini yg ikut ngiler? ️️

Belum selesai kagum dgn satu scene udh kagum lagi di scene berikutnya. OMG
Litterly have no words for her cooking skills...
Что за богиня красавица и умеет все 
Seperti di Surga. Apakah itu benar-benar tempat tinggalnya?
Que lugar tan hermoso
Nice
I was smiling like a idiot when she was laughing 
love love love it , magnificent, impressively beautiful
Very fertile land and very hardworking women
IESTI  FOARTE  TARE
Oh mein Gott so wunderschön 
Интересно,а ктоснимает это все на камеру,есть ли у нее семья
Michelin star restaurants has no chance against her!
so like how many months you took to complete all the planting and harvesting?
The comment section is so heartwarming. It makes me want to cry.
I love it !!!
Супер красота
അധ്വാന ശീല യായ Liziqi
Rất hồn nhiên... Tôi yêu bạn
Cute girl
if all ghiblie female characters were in a single person, i swear it would be her for sure.
Simply beautiful
İzlediğim bütün bölümlerde bitkileri çıt diye koparma sesi var ya bayılıyorum o sese
Indonesia Hadir... Mana suaranya🇲🇨
She is really happy 
I heard someone around that table who cackles like I do
Her recipe:
First, plant seeds 9 months ago...
Q capricho
สุดยอด ยอมใจเจ้าของช่อง️
هي بنتي تتعلم الكتابه بدها اتكون دكتورة 
สุดยอดเลยคะชอบทุกอย่างเลย...เธอเก่งมากสวยฉลาดบ้านน่าอยู่มากคะ

This is the only channel where there is no hate comments.. if u agree hit like 
I cant understand your laungage because iam indian
But your videos give me peace  happinnes everything
When iam in angry if i saw your videos  i will be vry cool
Thank u very much liziqi may god bless you
I must be one of the few that watches this channel just to see grandma.
That laugh at the end though.
Tour videos are amazing...luv the small glasses you drink from.
Бале она кизам илохим туба чашм нарасад туба . Привет из Самарканда.
Di zaman ini sudah langka sekali gadis seperti ini ...
സ്നേഹത്തോടെ മലയാള നാട്ടിൽ നിന്ന് 
her life is like a girl from a comic and im in love
Que lugar divino
It must be very tiring to do all of this though …May God Bless you
Beautiful girl work very hard.
I love this
I miss you so much 
The dislikers are not from earth they are alien because they don't know that our earth is awesome and beautiful
I wish ..I would be her grandmother ...
Amazing ️️️️️️️️️️️️️🇺🇸

السلام عليكم اعجبني هاد الفيديو كثيرا واكثر ما أعجبني هو الطبيعة 
حقيقة هاذه الفتاة ذكرتني في مسلسل (جوهرة القصر ) وكان اسم البطلة        (جون قوم )
Am aldjeri  
نحن ايضا لدينا أراضي جميلة وطبيعة جميلة جدا
我越来越爱你
How many dishes do you want?

Liziqi: yes.
Wonderful area !!!
Как же люблю вас смотреть!
I watch and feel the moment 
love watching this genius
I miss you so much 
Liziqi thanks for your nice videos, please feed the cat, I hear him crying so much, he is hungry.
I choked on saliva while watching
Meanwhile I can't even put a frozen pizza in the oven without burning it.
Agradeço à Grande e bela China pelas vacinas enviadas ao Brasil!
Superb dishes 
Wowwwwww....
She's so perfect

this girl has the strength and stamina of hercules himself.
amazing!!!!!
She was the one raked the whole field , yet I’m the one who puffs out
Tum sab ka language bhi bahut tedha hota hai. I am Indian🇮🇳🇮🇳
If you think this video takes less than a year then are  not only wrong but damb.  Love it.
i love that way.
Reminder that this woman is in her thirty’s, looking like she’s in her early twenties
This is called heaven
She lives in gardens of eden's, and she looks like a mother earth
이분 인간문화재다...

Super girl . i like him so much
勁佩服
В ее стране так все живут? Или только в горах?
there is nothing she could not do in this world
She works so hard. Farmer life is not easy
Kerala power varattey!!!️️
you work so hard, let me work for you. just stay home and wait for me to come home
Beautiful
閩南言語一支蚊：國語一級棒~
She is literally the most beautiful woman on Planet Earth.
Супер всё своё с огорода никакой химии
Calm n peaceful!
wow item
The charm of a woman. I know one when I see one.
liziqi....smiling
Feel like I'm watching a real life studio ghilbi movie
sin palabras desde colombia
who else is watching this while lying on their bed and relaxing.
Настоящая человеческая жизнь. В труде на земле и в благодарности по заслугам. Все легко, когда знаешь что делаешь и зачем. Мое глубокое уважение этой очаровательной девушке и ее умелым ручкам.
This young lady is astounding! The place is very beautiful. She is extremely hardworking! Does everything herself!! And then cooks a feast! Brilliant!!!
Hiii mam  Love you 🇳🇪🇳🇪🇳🇪🇳🇪🇳🇪
I just came across this channel, and all the videos are so beautiful and calming!  It's so impressive how Liziqi works really hard in the farm and on her crafts, and then also makes the time to prepare such nice videos!
Good life
she will not lack of any food even being lockdown for 5 years in this pandemic
I'm deadly allergic to 99% of the food she makes but everything looks so good and her videos are so calming
My gosh. What a hard working girl. I can't even exercise early in the morning, and she already did lots of things even before the sun rises. All fresh vegetables and fruits! So healthy.
Giá mà được ịt thất và có con chung thì đời còn chi bằng,....
I absolutely love her channel. So relaxing and inspiring.

Whoever her husband is one of the luckiest person in the world
I admire what you do and how you live. I was told being a farmer was for the poor and stupid. I guess they are wrong. I enjoy watching this channel. And I aspire to be a farmer gardener. ️
Девушка замечательная, труженица. Работа оператора высший класс 
They don’t eat whole day?just take dinner 
I can't believe she do this by herself, such a strong independent woman️
A beautiful virtuous woman
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed ?? ️
Love watching her, it’s relaxing she makes everything looks so damn easy good job.
我们学校的老师放李子柒的视频给孩子们看，让他们知道食物是怎么来的，很有教育意义，她的视频适合男女老少，超级赞
The guy who wins her heart is the luckiest bastard on earth! she is an Angel.
Stupendous filming.
好好的一个美食博主，可惜，可悲
Complimenti..adesso quando mangerò le arachidi penserò a quanto lavoro ce dietro 
I like Liziqi chanel verry much
I love how there is food hanging everywhere or stored or waiting to be processed. This land of plenty (and hours of hard work) brings a feeling of safety and satisfaction. 
Beautiful beautiful place
唤起了很多小时候在农村的回忆，城市的小孩看这个视频可以了解一些农村的生活。
Посмотри. 
И порыдай. 
Женщина, Труд, 
Музыка. Март. 

Никаких тебе ногтей и спа. 
Только работа и изба. 
Ни войны тебе, ни зла, 
Социализм-то привился, 

А ты в сапогах, 
С ерундой в башке, 
ХотьЧесалку сломай, 
Но Так будет Везде.
Cantik, putih, rajin, pendiem pinter masak, pinter cari duit, perhatian, pinter ngerawat.. Idaman setiap pria  tp apa mereka ga segan deketin cewe seperfect ini

Me encantan los paisajes, son hermosos ️
Удивительно.
This girl is living the life...
Better than those Millioniare's lifestyle.
i like this
Steam cooking, best way to have a healthy meal
有意境，但不实在。有回味，但不现代。生活方式可以暂时退一步，但必须快速向前迈多几步。高山峻岭不是退回落后生活方式的理由，更不是追求的目标。脱离时代的意境是虚的，可是有害的。环保，健康，新科技产品……才是我们应有的意境和追求的目标，而不是把饮食无限的文化。
This woman only deserves the best in life and seeing her laugh warms my heart
Let's pray for Afghanistan 
I just can't stop watching her doing her cooking and always looking forward for the new videos. Amazing lady with her talent.
I admire what you do and how you live. I was told being a farmer was for the poor and stupid. I guess they are wrong. I enjoy watching this channel. And I aspire to be a farmer gardener. ️
每次看你的视频都感觉回到了家乡，回到了小时候，真的很治愈。
beautyful
такое наслаждение смотреть её видео, сколько эмоций
سلام
همیشه شاد و خندان و سالم باشید ، از آفریدگار بزرگ جهان سپاسگزاریم و دعا می کنیم .
子柒，我也是农村长大的，知道每种一样农作物都要几个月的辛劳，从育苗除草施肥至收成。在拍攝快镜下，好似好好玩，但实际是很漫長好累的过程。多謝子柒将过程演绎，你的辛劳会有更大回报，加油，爱你喔。
she is sooo cute i can't stop watching her videos i love her .  keep going girl , i am rooting for you
This is pure Art. Best I have seen in years.

Very hardworking keep it up  LOVE FROM KERALA, INDIA 
Bad jor daar buta krths o dai big fan lo sister tor from chhattisgarh  good work ️
going through a lot in my life right now and watching her videos gives me comfort and hope. she truely does impact people's day :)
I love her. Liziqi is the most talent. Liziqi can do anything and hard working. I wish i can see the time she and her family can rest happily with pure nature in video
we do exactly the same with pumkin plants stir fry and rice wine. I know some one who does sticky rice candy too but with white rice and black sesame seeds and sugar. Love All her videos. So much energy and positivity.
مرحبا ️ صديقتي الجميله الراءعه انشيطه انا كلك خيريه ونشاط انا لا اقدر ان اقوم  بالاعمال التي تقومي بها سؤال هل هذي الخضار ولارز  تبيعي منها ام تاكلها ام توزعيها على الاصدقاء وافقراء عزيزتي  اتمنا ان تردي عليه اتمنا لك الصحه والحية السعيده  انتي ومن تحبين والجده ️️️️️️️🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸
I’ve been in love with her since the first time I saw one of her videos. Never happened to me before, I feel so confused... & happy. What an amazing, definitely exhausting  person. & cute grandma ... I live in China, by the sea, i’m a sailing captain, I was visiting a school & before I spoke they were playing a video of this girl... I had to wait until my presentation was over, then I asked “Who is the girl in this video? I think she is my soulmate.”  ... then I found she is very famous & probably every man in China believes she is his soulmate. but, I still feel lucky to feel this way about another person, although it is illogical & ... embarrassing. So, this is my story, why I am here & how I found this video. :) Goodnight everyone. Sweet dreams.
ഹൗ ബ്യൂട്ടി ഫുൾ പീപ്പിൾസ്..
Could you imagine being welcomed into her beautiful home with an amazing feast like this?
This is first video of you I watched and just amazing feeling, u r living a wonderful life  
Masha Allah
Смотрю и не могу оторваться Это круто, вы большая молодец ️
Liziqi, u work so delicately and with whole hearted, that u don't give a single glance at camera...super art skills, cooking skills and having absolute knowledge of farming..gr8
Какая Чудесная девушка,умница,.
Радостно наблюдать,с любовью трудится для своих родных
Сказка!!!
Por eso son un pueblo grande trabajadores felicidades 🇨🇱️
Nice
This is so beautifully filmed and edited and the food looks delicious. The amount of work that she does is remarkable.
Завораживающее красота и это всё естественно!
You are really an inspiring person 
She has the most biggest fridge in the world
Hola.. Eres excelente.. Un gusto poder seguir tus videos, que por cierto revelan tus altos conocimientos en agricultura, tecnicas en los variados menesteres de la vida cotidiana como costura y arreglos variados en tu vivienda.. Hace un tiempo te sigo, y hasta ahora me maravillo del hermoso lugar en donde vives.. Muchas Gracias por existir.. Mis mejores deseos de prosperidad y sigue brillando con tu luz de maravillosa mujer.. Saludos cordiales.. Marxcel Horace

This video is so beautiful I am almost speechless, one thing for sure, her camera person definitely deserves an award for his work. The shot at 16:37 was so beautiful my heart almost stopped, it looked like a mass of exploding golden orbs or something.
I love love loveeee this channel so muchh the vibes are immaculate it’s heaven️
I love watching your videos when I get home from work! Working at a veterinary hospital is tough some days. But your videos always relax me and bring me so much peace ️
Why she did not upload any videos   her last video was uploaded 5 months ago   
Эти блюда произведение искусства!
Əlinə nə keçdi vurdu yeməyə
I love this young lady as if she is one of my daughters.. Smart, strong and absolutely awe-inspiring..thank you Liziqi
Profoundly beautiful you are in all you do! Your focus & work ethic is second to none. Pure inspiration, thank you.
The amount of knowledge she has is amazing. She is living the dream!
Your videos give me peace thank you for uploading this great content
I can sit and watch all day! Lovely fam... 
The Lady ( Liziqi ) is so impressive  so much things she can do. 
Она робот!
You inspire me. The beauty in your videos is breath taking. One with the land is one at complete peace. Loves
什么是东方女性的知性美，谢谢你让我懂
I love the way she appreciates and respects nature 
Dear Li Ziqi,
You are one blessed human to get the opportunity to leave within the full resources from mother nature. Fresh air, fresh food sources. You are living far a away from polluted air, nor population. Your living area surrounded with wonders awaits to be discover sooner or later. There is no worries of starvation nor blood shed of wars. TBH, I am jelous with your lifestyle and wish I can leave besides you to experience every single second of your future journey. Sending you love, respects, and happines from 🇲🇾
The dining table looks nothing less than a 8* hotel presentation 
In love.. with loving you
「平平無奇烤南瓜」真是可愛的名字，分明那麼精緻~
「紫米鬆糕月餅」真是漂亮♡
居然連休閒活動都充滿古風！
cuộc sống tự tại
Who else feel more motivated to start new stuff and get things done when watching Liziqis channel?
my heart wants to live a life like this yet my mind says N O
I already had dinner but this brought back my appetite 
আপু আপনি কি আর ভিডিও বানান না।
অনেক দিন আপনার নতুন ভিডিও দেখি না।
নতুন ভিডিও বানান।
OooOh how I would love to live a simple, beautiful, peaceful life like that!!
รอติดตามวีดีโออยู่นะคะ
I want to be a gardener, and this is so inspiring to me. She is so strong and hardworking! This amazes me, what a lovely way of life.
Aprecio tudo q vc faz,mas tem que por legenda em português.
Por favor
Liziqi 
Love from srilanka 
Her every work looks like so easy in video ...and she do it so perfectly 
It's just woww... amazing ... peace feeling all the time... love from  IND........
Amo amo tus vídeos... un beso gigante desde Chile 🇨🇱🇨🇱

Você  é uma mulher incrível  , tudo o que você faz é  lindo !  Lidar com a terra preparar o solo para o plantio e depois de algum tempo você ver com muita satisfação e felicidade e poder colheres tudo aque você plantou Parabéns 
Any body knows that where is she ? She is not uploaded any videos since long
A five star restaurant can never amount to lizqi's gourmet cooking
How busy she is?But she is no tired.Very inspiring 
hola hermosos videos con la naturaleza y lo mas interesante es que la señorita lo prepara todo solita sin ninguna ayuda, me encanta estuve viendo todo sus videos por que me gusta el arte que realiza sobre la cocina. enserio me encanta mucho, es  un amor de persona lo veo desde Perú Ancash. estuviese encantado de conocerla y llegar a su chacra por que yo también me dedico como hortelano y de profesión  enfermero. súper hermoso todos los videos.
一支蚊~一級棒~
I love your videos it's so calmful and inspiration
Meantime, the modern women complain about making their husbands sammiches.
I told my dad about Liziqi And he was amazed by her work
More love to liziqi and her grandma and her team ️ Allah and nature bless you all ameen ️
Amazing work ethic, discipline, and beauty.
That food looks Devine. Such gratification in growing your own food and making a nice meal for everyone
Ng phụ nữ lý tưởng
This is the real LIFE GOAL

Amazing
Смотрю ваши ролики как колыбельные перед сном. Очень успокаивает.
In such a depressing environment she is the warmth, comfort and hope I always look forward to ️
I don't need HRT, watching her video really help me with my menopausal mood. Love everything about her.
she's like a princess in ancient times and time traveled in modern world
Wow
Estou amando ver vc cozinhar ;pois jamais imajinaria que se poderia cozinhar pepino.
LIKE !LIKE! LIKE!!!
Her life looks simple, that is the result of all the behind the scene effort she put in to learn and practice all her skills.
Hats off to the cameraman who shows to the world how amazing Liziqi is. Each is video is a lesson of humanity, it emphasizes how much we need and must respect Mother's Nature and the living.
Aunque no entienden español creo
Очень классно!  С большим удовольствием посмотрел.
nice it is a real life
The weather in her place is so good..good for farming..I can relate to what she is doing especially in planting rice.farming is not easy that is why I salute and appreciate all the farmers.
Amar la naturaleza es amar a quien la creó, la simpleza y el amor que proyecta esta muchacha en cada uno de sus actos hiso que me transportara a un mundo ya olvidado por muchos.
Gracias por este video
I really envy your lifestyle 
I hope you will come back
Los amo muy trabajadores ️🇨🇱
🇨🇳🇮🇶
Испытываешь умиротворение и покой всегда после просмотра этих видео. Спасибо
Youtube 上 各類視頻，李子柒是我的最愛，雖然她目前的所有作品全看過了，但還是會重複的一看再看。
Amo su estilo de vida
I want that life like her, just simple. No pollution, just fresh air. Very peaceful, there is no problem if there is no food because they will just take it next to their house. Maybe it's nice to live like that, it's always fun.️ It's inspiring. Love all your Videos 
Estou amando ver vc cozinhar ;pois jamais imajinaria que se poderia cozinhar pepino.
I cant stop falling inlove with youre videos, it is such a wonderful paradise with a talented creature.all is naturally beautiful
仿佛是仙女下凡間，把玩人類遊戲的通關秘籍拍成短片。我來隻是看自己卡在了哪一關 ️
A subscriber from Pithalaipatty, Dindigul, Tamilnadu, India. Hats off to you dear doing great videos  if we could get the subtitles in English that would be too helpful. Thank you. 
111、3、11今天早上06：30下班後我去高雄市找一家印尼翻譯社！跟我15年前妻我這2-3前已申請
I feel her .No matter how likeable or nice we think we are not everyone will like us. It's up to us on how we handle this people or handle our emotions. What matters is that we don't act rude to anyone ,everyone deserves to be happy life is too short to spend your whole life being sad.
This is soooooo calming......its kinda healing..... I am definitely subbing ....very good video
Wish i could stay there for one day and taste all of those food that she is prepared :-)
李子七和徐子八，中國農村兩樣情
Omg I wanna be like her. She's too strong  and very productive
Canım kestane çekti
Я так долго ждала следующего видео ... Слов нет конечно... Как всегда фантастически... Просто другая планета!!!!!
I am one of biggest fan of Liziqi, your cooking and decorative skills are too high, and I live your House and that Garden, if I get a chance to see you and your garden, then definitely I visit once in my life
¿Cómo 16 mil personas pueden darle dislike a este vídeo? sinceramente, eso es ganas de odiar. Este vídeo fue encantador, lo amé en su totalidad.

Hermoso video y hermosa vida,parecen muy felices lo que confirma el dicho: ricos no son los que más tienen sino, los que menos necesitan.
私はロシアからだ、と私は本当にそれが好き、アナはとても勤勉であり、食べ物の多くを集め、よくやったと私の祖母を助け、私はよくやったような人々が!)
As serene and as beautiful it looks, that life is thrice as hard but every treasure has it's price :) so it's all worth it 
Não há palavras para qualifica lá. Só resar que ela possa decorar e honrar este mundo o mais possível
Is there anything that she can't do? Seriously she deserves an award for all the job she do.
I laughed hard at 15:30. Went from wholesome banter with her fam to straight merking that fish up
Как много орехов все здорово получается! Молодцы!
Кто это такая? я хочу на ней жениться)
Beautiful channel, Liziqi!
danke
The dislikes are from all the jealous haters. Don’t worry about them Liziqi. You’re awesome! ️🇨🇦
Wauu quá nể e ấy sống giản dị cái gì cũng có thể làm đc cây trái rau củ gạo ko dùng thuốc.. thức ăn sạch nơi sống quá tốt đẹp
Great videos you are a very hard worker! 
Unlike women, men can't describe the kind of opposite gender we want. But if someone asks me which kind of a women I want. It's definitely Her. But no one's gonna ask me that :(
She's poetry in motion.... would love to be there... a beautiful life
Very nice
I love how nothing gets wasted, there’s a use for everything
Estou amando ver vc cozinhar ;pois jamais imajinaria que se poderia cozinhar pepino.
I love her channel she is awesome superb lady hats off to her ️️
搭上这个美丽的小姐的合适的丈夫。 父母是一个自动包。 这是传统的家庭，你不会分开，所以需要一个特殊的男人来打动这位年轻女士和她父母的心。 
Dā shàng zhège měilì de xiǎojiě de héshì de zhàngfū. Fùmǔ shì yīgè zìdòng bāo. Zhè shì chuántǒng de jiātíng, nǐ bù huì fēnkāi, suǒyǐ xūyào yīgè tèshū de nánrén lái dǎdòng zhè wèi niánqīng nǚshì hé tā fùmǔ de xīn.
Cuanta belleza
In this family, men do not survive, they cut off their eggs at night and eat them for breakfast, run guy
She’s literally so pretty and everytime she makes something it’s so satisfying
Why i just found this channel, it's so relaxing
She made the normal life in a village of China to a fairyland that I wish to live in.
She knows almost everything. How inspired it was! I can't control myself. That's amazing.
She’s living a great life.
Wow
Pure art. Bravo! Compliments and warm wishes from Macedonia
Love you,,,,,
I, too, would like to be a guest in her house and be treated so warmly 
Whoever marries her is a lucky man. Beautiful and intelligent, and a master home maker and chef. We need more traditional women like her in the USA.
I wish I could have a little taste of her food tbh XD they all look like it’s liziqi recipe u won’t get from anywhere else XDD
All ingredients are Indian..
Здравствуйте,мне и моей семье очень нравятся ваши работы. В ваших фильмах всё красочно и приятная музыка. Несомненно в России, где мы живём вы нравитесь многим,но читать по-китайски мы не умеем.. Могли бы вы писать ваши пояснения по-русски или по-английски? Заранее благодарен!!!
น่าจะเหนื่อยแต่ว่าดูแล้วมีความสุขดีดูเพลินเพลงก็ผ่อนคลายดีเยียวยาจิตใจใด้ด้วย
other people tried but her videos stand out because of her editing and artistic eye.
Liziki, you're making the people believe that humans should play the role of the protector of mother nature, not her destroyer. You are a soulful leader to keep the earth green, blooming and blessing with plentiful harvest. You appear to live like a fairy and make us visualise how beautiful a pastoral life may be.....
How can life be so perfect...
WOW wE  Love.
The grangma is so lucky to have such grand daughter
മലയാളീസ് 
Эта девочка мотивирует, как ни кто другой, умница!
O que é a natureza tudo da basta trabalhar duro vida do campo excelente vídeo
Видно как девушка вкладывает каждую частичку души в свое не легкое дело
Смотрел видео как завараженный, ни на секунду не мог отвести взгляд... это чудесно
Вы очень прекрасны                             Love
It was my first time watching you but i love you alreadyyy, God bless you more
She is doing everything i dream of
Miss youuu
I want to try her food!!! Looks delicious!!!
thumbs up
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman 
I am Father of Beauty in the World
How does she have time to cultivate seeds, look after her grandma, do her makeup, configure outfits, film her plants in time lapse, shoot these, and edit all the pieces of footage together? How?!
️ Pure energy of deeply extremely love in Healthy simple life
仙女無誤
Love the beauty of countryside.
赏心悦目
очень приятно смотреть Ваши  ролики!У Вас  золотые руки!
Her videos makes me calm️
I love her work amazing
四川真是物產豐富，難怪成為天府之國。
Such a hardworking lady. 
Sregeb..tenan cewek iki
Yes she is taking a lot of effort and time to video tape every single moment for such a long period time!!! Appreciate her efforts..... She is not like any other channelist who drops in a random video for likes /subscriptions..once she has committed for something... She won't even listen to herself!!!. Who agree??
️️️️️ I love everything about her , wish I could see more of the puppies  , Beautiful , looks like they got lots of land space and fresh water , so lovely ️️️️️️️️️️
Труженица девочка, умничка.  Благодаря своему труду, красота вокруг неё. Дар данный Богом, своим трудом еще и создаёт вокруг, красоту и гармонию
Just absolutely BEAUTIFUL !
One thing that always confuses me is leaving nuts and grains to dry outside. Don't the birds get to it?
No recipe???
Your precious grandma laugh  and suddenly im in tears. I missed my abuela
Xih gái tài giỏi
We are same age and if I see her skills compared to mine, I feel really that I wasted my time.
This definitely motivates me to put my smartphone and computer away. 
Thank you
I've always wondered how to grow white rice since I am in the Americas. I don't know anything about farming in rice fields, or how to grow and harvest it.
7:53  the inner peace she have after working hard
Очень мало выходит видио..
Saya dari Indonesia...banyak sekali pelajaran yang saya dapat dari video anda ..saya sangat kagum dan terkesima melihatnya..anda wanita yang tangguh,gigih,pemberani,cerdas dan cantik...saya sangat support konten Anda...trimakasih sudah berbagi pengalaman yang sangat berharga
️️️️
Здоровья и счастья , тебе, милая труженница.
4:43 I remember my father doing that thing, while I sit in the corner watching him to finish what he's doing.
How sweet you r n ur preparation  as well. Amazing. From here I got ur delicious food smell. Thats make my happy. 
#India

Even though I am unable to understand your language but your video , cameraman and you also done a great job...
All i'm looking for is a decent woman with a cute nose like Liziqi's.
She is a multi-talented Queen! RespecT
So kind movie  this is meditationi love it 
Cinematic Masterpiece...   What a honour to be sitting at that table in the end
Hard work always pay back I admire you.
很治愈的视频️
哎都怪她那个公司导致她停更了
Beautiful woman, beautiful place!
Greetings from Germany! This area ist wonderful
I loves Lizigi Chsnnel.️
I wonder how much property is within the walls of her grandmother's home and also, when she plants outside the walls of her grandmother's enclosure, who owns that land?  She is a remarkable young woman of great spirit and a respect for life.
She is amazing!!!
These videos are so calming
she is very good
This girl is very hardworking and multi talented hats of to her
Она реально одна за всех херачит?
Шедевр,слов нет умничка ,ли зики ты лучшая из лучших
Subhanallah what a woman
Truly a all rounder 🇬🇧
She is lucky to have a beautiful country.
111、3、11我去高雄找2家翻譯公司多比較一下$5000的我又去另一家專業翻譯小姐幫我翻譯後！再送文到法院聲請公正要離婚協議在變成了單身！貴族才能再婚！
So hardworking girl! ️

So jealous of that two people. They get to be liziqi's guest. 
Complimenti, video meraviglioso ma....mi fai conoscere un po' di più quello che stai facendo ....sono incantata nel guardarti, nei video tipo questo provo delle emozioni bellissime...mi salgono le lacrime di gioia! Vorrei capire cosa fai, quando...insegnami ma....sottotitoli con lingua in italiano. Un abbraccio
Don't know how people can dislike video love from South Africa i live on a farm and i love to plant my own veggies got chickens and 2 goats 
Angle liziqi, your place is beauty same as Heaven. You and your grandmo live long and fullfill happiness in nature. Keep going and remember rest yourself
Wow!!!! sometimes I am working and I just listen to the music, the laughter :)

this channel is motivation for procrastinators ; like most of urban life is spend in procrastination
2022,,, Miss lizqi
李子柒 showed the Chinese rural life and the local foods of China. Many Chinese now don’t have any ideas about how the crops turn into our food. 李子柒’s video show them the process and some traditional handicraft techniques which people don’t know.
Vous vivez en paix et bio .ah comme j'ai aimé beaucoup ta vie .merci pour le partage  .
Молодёжь !!! Не упустите ее.
LiZiQi channel have to learn,how to care of natural? So,I like LiZiQi channel.
I love everything from your post, thank you
Waw
I want to live in a quite and peaceful nature just like her.....
How can she do everything? love so much!
Nature sure is rich and bountiful, also that's a nice farm.
! FREE HONG KONG - ! - FREE UIGHUR - ! - SAVE MYANMAR !
Liziqi you work is so unique n natural ...love to visit u place.
ชอบอ่ะดูซ่ำๆวนๆยุ่นี้ละพี่เขาไม่ลงคริป
Лизики закрома забила под завязку,  можно зимовать.   С такой внучкой бабуля не пропадёт.
I wish i had such a peacefull life.
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman.
Очень понравилось
Esta mujer muy trabajadora y eforzada
Liziqi, I am ashamed to ask more of you because you do so much for our worldview already. But you should, really, think of cloning yourself, and teaching your incredible skills throughout our very rich world impoverished by greed. Life's too short. Please do not go before you have recreated yourself for S. E Asia, Africa, and S. America, too!

Keep beautiful, angel of our world!!
You are amazing and awesome cheef.
Lizi

I miss you
If you are new here, here is absolutely everything you need to know about Liziqi ( Li Ziyi ): 
 
In 1990, Li Ziyi fell to the ground in Mianyang, Sichuan. Her parents divorced when she was very young. Later, her father died, and Li Ziyi became an orphan. His stepmother didn’t treat her well. Li Zizhen mentioned on Weibo that he had had a half-dead experience when his stepmother dragged her hair into the gutter and was beaten.
 
Grandpa and Grandma distressed granddaughter, and finally decided to take Li Ziyu home and live. When Li Ziyi was in fifth grade, his grandfather died again, and it was difficult for his grandma to raise her to continue school. At the age of 14, Li Ziyi had to drop out of school and go to the city alone to work hard, and began an 8-year wandering life. Her first life was very hard. She slept in a park chair and scratched her head for two months.
 
Li Ziyi has also worked as a waiter in a hotel, with a monthly salary of 300 yuan. In order to earn more income, she went to learn to play discs and sang in the bar. Later, when talking about the matter, Li Zizhen frankly said: “I didn’t say that I liked music at that time, just to live, I felt that it was well paid.”
 
In 2012, because grandma was ill once, Li Ziyi was worried that she would regret it later, throwing away all work and returning to grandma. “Being closer, I feel more at ease.”
 
After returning, Li Ziyi opened a Taobao shop, but the business has been up and running, and he barely eats. In 2015, under the influence of his younger brother, Li Ziyi was exposed to the short video platform Meipai. Until 2016, seeing that his younger brother had some fans on Meipai, and holding more fans can improve the mentality of Taobao business, Li Ziyi re-entered Meipai to prepare for his own video program.
 
The reason why she chose to shoot videos in this style is closely related to her childhood environment.
 
In an interview with the living room of Sina Club, Li Ziyi mentioned, “All these things that are self-sufficient in the countryside, for me, they are jealous. In the short video, she chose to start from the most familiar places.
 
In the beginning, Li Ziyi gave himself a topic called “Four Seasons Change, Eat While You Eat”. After the suggestion of Meipai editor, it became “Ancient Food” and it is still used today.
 
In September 2016, a new opportunity came quietly, which also became an important promoter for Li Ziyu to get more attention in the future. Sina Weibo began to openly search for more outstanding short video creators for resource support.
 
As mentioned at the beginning of the article, Liu Tongming brought her Weibo resources support.
 
One day in September 2016, Li Feng, an ancient short video blogger, accidentally received a private Weibo message from “Mr. L”. Mr. L expressed his love for Li Ziyu’s video content, felt that he had fulfilled his Taoyuan dream, and hoped to meet her.
 
For a long time after that, Li Ziyi received Mr. L’s private letter. “It would be a shame for such a good video to let this person see it. This is usChina’s proud traditional culture should be seen by people in China and around the world. “Mr. L said in a private message.
 
At first, after seeing these private messages, Li Ziyi didn’t care too much, even worrying about encountering a liar. Until one day, Mr. L came to the city where Li Zizhen was, and wanted to ask her to have a meal and talk. Mr. L’s politeness and clear logical thinking made Li slowly drop his initial alert.
 
This accidental meeting has completely changed the life trajectory of Li Zizhen. Not long after the meal was over, with the help of Mr. L, Li Zizheng was supported by a large wave of resources on Sina Weibo, accelerating her popularity and allowing Li Zizhen to rush into the queue of the net influencer on the head.
 
This experience is partly recorded in a diary of Li Zizheng that year. Some insiders close to the senior executives of Weinian Technology confirmed to Tencent’s “Shenwang” that the “Mr. L” is actually Liu Tongming, and his pseudonym was publicly reported. Daxiong Liu, the founder of Wei Nian Technology, an MCN company to which Li Zizhen now belongs.
 
On December 8th, the reading volume of a Weibo topic labeled “Is Li Ziyi a cultural output” climbed to 800 million. Li Zizheng was once again on the hot search list.
 
The video created by Li Ziyi and her has become a phenomenon worthy of study now.
 
Extensive overseas communication is an important reason for Li Zihuan’s renewed attention. Some people say that she has filmed a desirable rural life and spread the charm of traditional Chinese culture and cuisine. Others think that her video is not completely true To reflect China’s rural life.
 
Even the queries that have been popular since the explosion have been brought up again, such as being a DJ, being a rich second generation, whether the video is from my own hands, is there a strong push behind it, and the video is true for rural life It’s still just a fiction for character setting.
 
An insider of Weinian Technology told Tencent’s “Deep Web” that Li Ziyi was of ordinary origin, and the relevant video content was produced by Li Ziyi himself. The popularity was not the initiative of the company and himself. In fact, both Li Zihuan and the micro-reading team behind him were quite low-key, and they were very enthusiastic and declined all the current interview needs.
 
Until August 17, 2018, Li Ziyi’s eponymous Tmall store officially opened. Six days after going online, the store with only five products at that time had sales of over 150,000 and sales of over 10 million. A year later, the total sales of 21 products displayed in the Li Zizhen flagship store exceeded 1.3 million, with total sales reaching 71 million.
The value behind Li Ziyi’s IP is being quickly tapped.
 
Li Ziyi started from scratch and gained the first fans with his own strength. But now the popularity and gains of fame and fortune are obviously no longer just her achievements.
According to Tianyan search, “Deep Web” shows that MCN Hangzhou Weinian Technology Co., Ltd., which Li Ziyi belongs to, was established on February 28, 2013, with a registered capital of RMB 5.208 million. According to the introduction, Wei Nian is an entertainment entertainment company that incubates KOL into IP through short videos and extends to consumer brands.
 
The information of Qixinbao shows that there are more than 100 pieces of intellectual property information of the trademark “Li Zihuan”. The applicant companies are Hangzhou Weinian Technology Co., Ltd. The product categories include food, clothing, shoes and hats, dyes and fats, beer and beverages, Financial property management, catering and accommodation.
 
Not only that, Wei Nian also has inextricable links with Li Ziyu’s companies.
 
According to the eye inspection, Li Jiajia (should be the original name of Li Ziyu) established Sichuan Ziyu Culture Communication Co., Ltd. on July 20, 2017, and Wei Nian is its shareholder, holding 51% of the shares. Supervisor, Li Jiajia holds 49% of the shares.
 
According to other data, there are as many as 50 beneficiary companies behind Hangzhou Weinian Technology Co., Ltd., including Greenland Holdings, ZTE, Xinhua Media, Vanke, Light Media, etc. .
Among the shareholders of Weinian Technology, Sina Weibo is particularly eye-catching.
 
From Wei Nian Technology to Sina Weibo, Li Ziyi gradually has the best cards that internet celebrities are looking forward to.
In her own words, she changed from “a little transparent to a person who is so useless to society”. After entering the public view and being noticed by more people, Li Ziyi’s sense of responsibility has also become heavier.
“I want to do what I can to do more things that are good for society, such as the spread of traditional culture, non-heritage cultural craftsmen, and I want to show these old things to everyone so that more people know. Li Ziyi said.
 
Source: https://www.ww01.net/en/archives/33757
They eat the food even the luxury hotel didn't serve...Amazing..
The soil in her farm must be very fertile for everything to grow so nicely. Does she put fertilisers in her farm? And is she a Hakka? Because the Hakka clan is well known as good farmers traditionally.
อยากได้พันธุ์ฟักทองติดต่อยังไงครับ
I wish she finds one true love may god bless her she deserves some help 
เครื่องแยกเศษออกจากข้าวมีขายไหมค่ะ
just because of her I came to know how lazy I am she made me order seeds.
One of a kind what a woman.she is so inspiring to me.
I imagine the Kung Fu masters who are good at everything. I won't be surprised if she one day demonstrates her sword skills. She can already perfectly throw "arrows."
Hello baby welcome 
Это отдельный вид искусства.. Наслаждение. Среди всего прочего что сейчас снимают, это просто прекрасно. Картинка, звук, девушка, бабушка, природа, все прекрасно! Пусть множится все хорошее!!!!!
come back!!!
when girls want to being a model, artist and actress, actually me want to like her
奶奶的人生原来如此美好！
god she lives in a paradise. its so beautiful
That little burning place that shaped like a dog with a Bone cover is the cutest burning place i ever seen in my life :DDDD

edit: i have bangs and i just realized through the video that her bangs is still nice, light and fluffy Like an ( shape, Usually when you have bangs and go through that amount of shores it should be a | shape
and surprisingly its still an ( after all those chores, i'm impressed
i want to live like this 
Nice sister
She cut that fish with such precision and accuracy. How scary!
เธอทำให้คนใกล้ตายอย่างผมรอเห็นเธอทำอาหารอร่อยน่ากินทั้งนั้นเก่งมากผมมีความสุขมากที่ได้เห็นเธอกลับมาโชว์อีกรักเธอจนตายครับ
She is so hard working.
love it !
Liziqi is so amasing woman , and talented..
Why she is not uploading videos
Like a boss work ... good one️️️
เธอเป็นผู้หญิงที่เก่งมากที่สุดคนหนึ่ง
Oh to be a little bird on her farm, flying through the trees and nesting above the flowers
感觉很震惊,佩服，世界上最美味的食品的最美的人️️️
kreatifitas okeeee pekerja keras , pemberani dlm tantangan hidup....
wow
That melted the hearts
it is a real life
I had a depressed situation at the few months ago. But it much better when i started to watch this channel.
She is the real wonderwoman bless her !
This life is the one i envy the most, not a big houses cars jewelry ang all fancy things in this world, but this just simple.
So impressive liziq 
Thank you for doing gods work and recording the heaven for us
挺好看的，这南瓜。。。
Todo lindo  y exquisito

The perfect combination of mundane and fairyland, It is Chinese classical style.
watching this makes me feel like chicken in a mass production farm
Speechless 
八月瓜 好东西
Hardwork women  salute from india
FANTASZ-  TIKUSAN SZUPER VAGY KÖSZI,️ HOGY VAGY.🇭🇺⚘
My first thought when i saw the thumbnail pop up on my phone, “awwwwwww yissssss my girl is BACK!!!!!
Everything's so beautiful fascinating.
Only if we all lived life under these conditions. The world would be a better place 
Tiêu đề tiếng Việt mà không có ai Việt Nam xem nhỉ
You live in paradise. You are so hardworking
9:13 red spider lily 
It's funny to think about it: people who haven't enough patient to wait for her videos, are actually not qualified for it.
Здравствуйте. УМНИЧКА, красавица. Здоровья Вам
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed ?? ️
The real fairy tale️️
What a lovely hard working woman
ไปเอาทำลูกสะใภ้เถอะเก่งขนาดนี้
When a documentary becomes poetry ...
thích em quá chừng chừng …..
I need this life. Fully natural.
Господи, какое умиротворение транслируют эти видео.
Everything is sooo fresh!!
God created this paradise for you alone because you deserve it and until you live in it that God loves you always say Alhamdulillah you must read the Quran and meditate on it to find your Creator and who created that blessing so that I invite you to Islam, the world is a path to the hereafter until you enter the true paradise of God in which it is  The most beautiful thing God has created is given to those who thank him and worship him, and in which no eye has seen and no danger to a human mind
Beautiful.
IS IT POSSIBLE FOR ALL TO HAVE THIS TYPE OF LIFE NO, ONLY DAY-DREAM⚘
Посмотришь - просто Рай на Земле. А на самом деле - труд, труд, труд.
Хорошая, хорошая!
Rasa ingin kesana
Where is she now?
Shoutout to the chinese government for letting li ziqi make videos for youtube. Even though youtube is banned in china
ดินดีเกิน
I watch ziqi's video when i was 10 and now I'm 13
The dog-shaped oven is the cutest thing ive ever seen
"Who else loves to live like Liziqi...... "
Я искренне поражаюсь красотой этого видео) Так гармонично, благодарю 
It would be outstanding if there's an English subs on it. But I am already enjoying it. So peaceful. 
DasthRath
I have lots of respect for her! She is a role model for many of us. I see her Passion, hardworking, talent, care and love. Amazing!  
May her live long for making all of us happy watching what she can offer to this world. ️
Mam you are very beautiful
I just want to drop everything and live with her. Can't she just adopt me or something?
The scenery, skills and talent shown in her videos is all just amazing! Love it all!
Congratulations on you Guinness Record! You deserve it! ️

After watching the liziqi channel for months now, this is becoming one of my favorites! The life of series with cucumber and tomato specifically being the videos I seem to watch most. Two of my favorite vegetables and I love learning the planting to meal preparing.
WHAT ARE THE FRUITS AT 9:10  PAW PAW ?
Not surprised she won the plant throwing game too!
One of the best videos I've seen in a long time!  So beautiful and peaceful to watch.  Amazing work!
I just saw this yt channel and I was amazed of how skilled she is. I love watching it for it is so relaxing. I think this will be a good video to watch whenever you are stressed or tired. I really recommend this one. Love it
  th   en   ks ️ ️ 🇻🇳
Amo os seus vídeos, parabéns menina dos olhos de Deus.
🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹
me laying on my bed with zero achievements and talents and have empty life watching liziqi like       
Amazing skills as farmer. Love the simplicity and beauty of her life
She is living the life we want to, but we polluted our earth  if we did not polluted earth we would have being living this life help everyone and be kind but we failed.......
Edit:- guys earth is not only our planet but our mother who provides us something that can last forever if we care so plant more trees and save earth 
this is paradise on EARTH
So much hard labour, this woman should be absolutely ripped. I love the serenity of these videos so much <3
Love u
哈哈哈哈！！你知道我注意到什么了吗！？ 就是特别欣赏你砍鸡 砍鱼时的刀法！！！！
chúc mừng em nhận được một like
Sometimes i wonder if she's a robot with a human heart in the body of a beautiful woman.
Love it
Terapi gibi ️
Боже во дворе що находят все жрут
Ayyyy.....TANRIM  çok güzel.....
李子柒 你好漂亮
Sometimes i don't need to watch Chiness Historical drama. This is enough.
طبيعة خرافية مثل  القصص  التي  قرأتها فى صغري
She is a wonder woman and super ninja, incredible
please don't be fooled by the video....she's an awesome actor and addition for her people BUT   this is a well organised video with high quality team being her, she's the face of what the government want you to see ....don't forget she's a multi millionaire woman with multiple companies bringing in earnings...its not her grandmother or whatever but great actors to give u all the tranquil settings of what rural china could be from before and as ur all well aware its not like this anymore.   but congrats to the whole team behind her and to the quality to her videos   amazing stuff and mesmerising
What is the fruit she picked on the tree which looks like a mango and viewers are advised not to climb up to pick one like her?
i like this chanal
Indonesians, especially in Java, call purple rice 'ketan ireng'
中国妇女太伟大!
几千年就这样农耕文明，胁夫育儿，外面的世界毫无相干。
这就是普通农村妇女的一日生活写照。
警示危言，后辈们能自食起立否?
教育已脱离生活了，舆论已偏离轨道了。
I need a seat at this table 
Igual à ela não existe.
Menina de Ouro!🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Every parents wishes to have a girl like liziqi most hardworking girl and so talented you are
21:57 
Liziqi is the most hardworking and caring person ever she’s the best!!
Trus nggak pernah makan.pagi siang sore.dan malam..ini manusia apa bidadari sih hehehh 
International viewers- English translations would be appreciated.
Would love to know the english translations of her dishes. Just gorgeous, the whole thing!!
Quedé enamorado de lo lindo que que es china lugares tan mágicos 
Where is she now!!!??
какая трудолюбивая девушка невозможно оторватса от экрана
Galwan valley aksai chin  belongs to 🇮🇳
They said Liziqi has only chinese fans.
Raise your hands if your an international fans.
She's so industrious, so hard-working
I like the way she does
Great videos! Very calming and atmospheric. You are very talented! 
Good
I have watched her series and always amazed at the amount of labor she performs.  I wonder she does all the work herself or there are other people helping her.  Anyway, her shows almost urge me to move to a mountainous country side.
I love you 
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed ?? ️
Сам не помню как, Я здесь оказался, но влюбился с первого ролика!!! Девушка большая, Молодец! Бабушка просто умиление!!! Желаю Всего наилутшего! здоровья и  прцветания!!! Я Вас люблю!!!🇰🇿🇰🇿🇰🇿
Guinness World Records brought me here.
and i dont know, i ended up to finish this long video
You're like "probinsiyana" in my country Philippines
很佩服李子柒 把平淡的生活过得跟诗一般，尤其是人美却不娇柔造作，用辛勤的劳动创造了美。
I love how she does 90% of the things by Herself... Most people does the starting and the rest are done behind the scenes but liziqi doesn't cut the video but shows everything she does by speeding the video only 
️️️
Cómo siempre un gran placer ver más de la bella tradición de China gracias por éste vídeo tan interesante ️ se te quiere mucho
•
Funfact : you can't breath while smiling 

Lol you can just wanted you to smile ily and have a great day ️
Очень хочу к ним . Счастья и процветания.
Congrats  for earning  the GUINESS WORLD RECORD 
wow 
Amo ver esses vídeos 
桃花坞，人面桃花
How many people still watch Li Ziqi's video lying on the bed and falling asleep?.
I really appreciate all the works she have done in the video. and the food she made was very delicate. She's impressive.
您在频道上为我们提供的巨大文化贡献，我们了解中国的乡村，照顾老人，令人难以置信的烹饪传统以及最重要的是人类的温暖！
Where is she now?
The scenery and music is so much Zen! I am just envious every time I watch her videos. How I wish I could live her life but hard to give up the city life at the same time because you need to work.
سبحان الله الخالق
tonight everyone betrayed me, i was so sad like really sad, nut when i saw this video it made me calm down and enjoy ;life.
Spectacular, charming, amazing ...
Liziqi's videos transport me to another world! 
Meravellosa artista! Felicitats
Pengen tinggal dsana 
Ngebayangin sehari2 ngumpul sama keluarga tanpa gadget, bangun pagi kasih makan peliharaan, sebelum masak ke kebun dulu, metik sayuran, lanjut siangnya metik buah2'n lagi , siang2  ngadem d blkg rmh smbil mkn buah seger, aaaaagh 
Pengen 
Brilliant ! Am in awe and totally amazed at her channel and am in awe of her amazing number of skills she has.
I was amazed and very happy to see this video. A very process between plants in nature and a beautiful princess. Greetings success
Wong jowo tanya iku masak opo cik,
The only request I have is that some English subtitles would be greatly appreciated in such wonderful videos thank you
Bangladeshi fan
Restaurant: 10 vacancies
Liziqi: (hired)
Restaurant: no more vacancy
She has everything she need. She really working hard lady.  Amazing.
You are so hard working... salute to you my dear sister ️
Admire
Oh my God. It was beyond peace and love. Thanks Liziqi
중국인은 유튜브 못하는 걸로 알고있는데? 

你知道中国人不能做YouTube吗
10/10/2020 USA Grandpa Bill:  She is like one of those beautiful paintings that have come to life.
This is the first time seeing this channel, when i saw the thumbnail i was thinking it would be a new drama series with a kind of ninja thema. But watching it slowly and found out it is modern easy real live reporting. And what a beautiful host, you really can see she enjoys here live. I would ditch my current live for this one, when i had the change.  

I loved the drama series "chef Hue" and now i found someone that is as talented IRL.  I hope to see more of here in the near future. 

@李子柒 Liziqi 感謝您與我們分享您的生活。( thanks for sharing your live with us.)
Such good videos.  We love this Channel and her videos! We're from Los Angeles. 
這是什麼地方中國嗎？
Hey Liziqi, i love your life in your hometown! Can I ask you, do you film and edit all of the videos yourself? Thank you so much for bringing me back to my essence!
She is Chinese version of Tasha tuder.
You don't have to be rich
Happiness is everything i believed 
Wow watching this feels so natural and peaceful
您好，我是泰國粉絲俱樂部。 我真的很喜歡您頻道的內容，它令人放鬆，有些剪輯讓我感到飢餓。 雖然我不會聽中文，但是我喜歡你，並且會跟隨你。
É uma coisa muito linda de se ver , morar no meio da natureza isso n tem preço
These videos are so relaxing. Makes me want to move out of the city.
嘿嘿，老祖宗總結出來的24節氣
I love your hard work I wish I could have a place like that god bless
Có Ae Việt Nam ở đây ko,điểm danh nào kk
I wish I could spend a year with Lizi and her grandma, learning to do what they do ️
Love the peace and serenity plus food looks phenomenal.
Li Ziqi created a fairy tale of absolutely Chinese traditional food culture!! 
Being Chinese, I am proud of her!!!
trái gì đó ạ
Can someone please subtitle this video
Or list the recipes 
I really want to give them a try but some of the elements I can’t figure out

Aus u just have baby dogs???? Im really interested, your dogs don't get old... What happened to them??
There's always that fluttering feeling in my heart every time I see a notification that ZiQi has uploaded a new vid. I love and envy her way of life. I also miss seeing her walking and harvesting stuff in the forest. It gives such a peaceful feeling. 
Great channel,great chef, carpenter,farmer, your so talented
I wish I lived there. So peaceful 
درود بر تو تلاشگر .چقدر لذت دارد نانی که با دست رنج خود بدست می اید بخوری و شب را در ارامش کامل بسر بری ،هر چند کا رکشاورزی برای ا خانومی مثل شما بسیار طاقت فرساست واین کار برای مردان نیز سخت است .در انطرف دنیا درود بر شما تلاشگر .پایدار بمان
What a feast!  I don't even know what most of that is, but I would love to eat it all!  Beautiful!
Sonice ️ ️️️️️️️️️️️️
We need a cook book for all of her recipes 
I wish i could donate i mean like she rly deserve more

When i look at things she do i feel like an small ant i mean just look how brilliant she is
This was what my late mother wanted during the last two weeks with us on earth: sticky rice with pumpkin leaf soup.  

Liziqi reminds me so much of my mom.  My mom was very hands on and creative with wood, farming, and cooking, and her love for her elders.  

I haven't watched Liziqi's channel since my mom's passing on 17th of June 2020.  I love you and miss you dearly, mommy.
I've seen amazing people on this platform but wow you're one amazing human being!!!!
I'm so inspired of this girl.
میں ہوتا نہ اگر چاٸنہ کا بادشاہ ایک یونیورسٹی دیتا  اِس عظیم لڑکی کو کے ٹریننگ دے اور لڑکیوں کو ہُنر سکھا جینا سکھا اِسی طرح میدان میں بہادر بنا لڑکیوں کو اپنی طرح میں اگر بادشاھ ، شہنشاھ ہوتا
This is the Art of Living.  She shows us the other way of life.
Disini ada orang indo ngk sihh?
She is the other word of hard work. I don't see any one except her who work so hard for each and every video with perfection.
Very  beautiful  lady, good  in  farming,&gardening  ,  good  cook she  knows  everything  ,  i  admire  her  talent   ! We  learn  anything  from  her  , i   like  her  episode   Thank's  for  your show,   i  love  it  i'm  very  happy  for.   this  episode   THANK  YOU  ! WISHING  YOU  GOODHEALTH    MISS  LIZIQI    !
I think Liziqi is one of the most interesting people in the world. 

I want to thank her for the content and reconnecting me back to nature, gardening, food from the earth, and family.
I'm from Bangladesh...... Anyone from Bangladesh????
She makes Life so simple and easy.. Her garden is beyond imagination.

李子柒的视频就是告诉人们自食其力的劳作才是真正的生活和美。
Amasing people, amasing nature, i love it  ️️️️This Lady is not human she is Angel  uuau so beautifull .
Her food is priceless 
واو
She is amazing 
Iliks this
Liziqi's video is one of my therapy after a long tiring online class.
От одного вида такой  еды слюнки  ручьями,какая труженица эта девушка 
it is peaceful. I've always wanted a life like this, but life is so difficult. Thank you for a video that makes me relax
She always looks to perfect.  A person that works all day under de Sun does not have a skin like hers.  Good job and good team to create all this work and this nice channel.  Great job.
Que sabroso se ve todo lo que cocina ..admiro su esfuerzo y todo lo que trabaja 🇨🇱️
My dream lik this
I am so skilled in the pastoral skills. I really like to see the scene of seed germination. I feel reborn. The scene of ripe fruit picking will also be inexplicably excited. I like your video very much, thank you.
عام سعيد
I wish I could eat one of the dishes made by her personally Atleast once in my lifetime
Unbelievable....That was Beyond my imagination, such a hardwork and Foods..just amazing...BlesS yOu
Очень впечатлительно,я очень хотел бы жить там с тобой и помогать тебе во всем?и чтоб ты меня чему то научила)))
Liziqi có chồng rồi sao
I just love to watch ur creativity.....n mostly I love Ur way how u r in love with nature
me️️️
Умница красавица на все руки мастер просто слов нет ещё есть такие люди дай бог ей здоровья
La comida se ve riquísima .Con solo verla y el cariño con el que la prepara .Creo que debe saber a gloria y más sentados en esa maravilla de terraza 
Que lugar tan hermoso 
اب بھی اگر اِس لڑکی کو دے دیا جاۓ ایک انتھاٸ وسیع و عرض علاقہ اور بہت سارے نوجوان لڑکوں اور لڑکیوں کی فوج میرے حُکم سے اور پاکستان کے نوجوان جاٸیں سیکھیں کے ””علم حاصل کرو چاھے تُمھیں چین ہی کیوں نہ جانا پڑے ““ کا مطلب سمجھ میں آجاۓ باقی تو الله ہی سمجھاۓ تُمھیں 
تو بات ہورہی تھی کے اِس طرح چین اور پاکستان کا رشتہ ہمارا اُن سے اور بھی مظبوط ہوجاۓ اور بات پکّی سمجھو
Wao her cooking skills are so good 
Paradise
Who needs to go grocery shopping when you have everything you need at home? Lizi qi is winning in life
Can’t get enough of your videos 
I like this video so naturally 
아름다운 영상~~
한편의 영화를 보는 것 같아요~~ 
숲과 나무 꽃~~~ 이런 곳에 살고 싶네요~~^^
She is honestly the epitome of peace
8.50 what is this nut ?
if this is how she eats everyday, I'll die of envy.
у этой девушки есть муж?
She reminds me of when I was a child. I always helped my grandpa harvest peanuts in a field just a few minutes from my home. And now for almost fifteen years that field was abandoned, just a few banana trees have grown wildly.
I wanna live there, the scenery are so nice
Expectaculares los paisajes .Un auténtico privilegio vivir ahí.Un trabajo bastante duro y con pocas comodidades .Un amor ver cómo cuidan de la abuela .Nuestros mayores aveces tan solos y olvidados
Where are you from
Can I just have dinner at her place at least one time. She is amazing.
Ela só aparece na hora da gravação. tem uma pele branquinha e roupas novas. Fake
I'm so humbled and inspired watching this channel. She is just a remarkable young woman, and the grandmother is visibly so proud of her.

God bless her, for taking care of her grandmother, and making it possible that she spends her golden years in peace and comfort.


HOLA AMIGOS. NO ENTIENDO EL IDIOMA, PERO ME DA MUCHO GUSTO VER CÓMO TRABAJAN LAS M7JERES.. UN EJEMPLO DE CULTURA !!!FELUCITACIONES!!! INCREÍBLE!! RITA TE SALUDA DESDE URUGUAY!!!
Вроде обычные сады, огороды, а так прекрасно наблюдать за этим всем... а не просмотрев и половины так жалко эту женщину стала, всё сама делает, даже грустно как то "(
سچ لکھوں جنت مرزا ، حریم شاہ ، اور دوسرے ٹک ٹاکرز اِس لڑکی کی جوتیوں کے برابر بھی نہیں تبھی تو وہ عظیم قوم ہیں پوری فوج کے برابر کام کررتی ہے ایک لڑکی اس کو ملنا چاھیۓ نوبل انعام سچ بات ہے بلکل اور ہماری خواتین اور مرد دونوں کو سچ بات ہے موت آتی ہے کام کرتے ہوۓ بچوں کو آگے لگادیا چلو بچے سیکھیں گے اگر یہ سوچ ہے تو ٹھیک ہے لیکن سکھاۓ گا کون ؟ تُم سکھاٶ گے تو وہی حال ہوگا 
تبھی تو دُنیا پہ چھاۓ ہوۓ ہیں چاٸنہ والے اور انتھاٸ پُر امن لوگ ہیں کبھی وہاں کوٸ جلسہ جلوس نہیں ہُوا الله نظرِ بد سے بچاۓ چاٸنہ کو انڈیا کی نظرِ بد سے آمین اور ہماری پاکستان کی پوری قوم کو پوری قوم لیکن قوم تو ایک ہوتی ہے اُن کی سوچ ایک ہوتی ہے اُن کا خُدا ایک ہوتا ہے 
تو پاکستان کی بکھری ہوٸ تتّر بِتَر قوم کو تباہی ، بربادی ، فساد ، لڑاٸ ، جگھڑے ، جنون ، جہالت سے بچاۓ الله پاک
Increíble sublime 
is too hart work
Как же прекрасна эта простая жизнь на природе созидание, то для чего мы пришли в этот мир
I want to have something like this its my big dream for nature to be closer to me
 :3
Такой тяжкий труд с утра до вечера, как такая хрупкая девушка выдерживает?! Дай бог ей силы и здоровья!
Esses vídeos traz uma paz espíritual
How such joyful life, Amazing.
Mashaa Allah.
Idol
How can everything be so perfect in this video?
А где тот белый с черным петном собачка,что  уже съели,не могу смотреть на эти видио.
Wow she is so hard working.. She knows a lot of thing. That kind of life is calming yet tiring. But its okay to be tired. This video must took so long to make. Edit is even one thing. This is so beautiful.
Que mulher virtuosa. 🇧🇷
Your home  looks like heaven  so beautiful 
الا يوجد عربي
I am feeling sleepy from that song and the sound of everything  its so ear warming  I'm loving it
I love you
She makes  me feel so good, what a beautiful life.
just give some credit for the camera man to make this video and all behind it, i salute u all of you guys, wonderful video,
It is a lot of hard work, this young lady is strong !
うちのいきてたころのおふくろ
Очень трудолюбивая и красивая девушка, у нас в России таких очень сложно найти. Я б хотел себе такую жену!!!!!
優良質黑稻米。20220222。
She’s a really good labourer and has some excellent knowledge and skills
Looks so good I want the purple rice
This young woman has SO much energy and persistence. So impressive. I could not do even half her work in a day. I would take a longass break or quit
Ultimately hard work pays off
Sincere advice for her plz never leave such beautiful healthy environment  to  move to polluted city
I miss my old farm.
Used to grow organic vegetables. It was a beaut little place.
Ngeflog udh kaya bikin film gg bagus lagi
So hardworking and talented.
你这里是哪里啊～？
She dont throw things away, use everything respektful and very well, she is so proud and happy about the work of her hand.
From the less she makes a unbelivebly pretty.
Hey you can start your own restaurant with all these good cookings!
EXELENTE TRABAJO. .
SALUDOS DESDE PARAGUAY
Miss you
I've never seen such a hard-working person ️truly appreciate
Whr are u..... Waiting for ur intrstng videos.. .. Plzzz rplyyy me.... Am frm keralaaa....
之前给妈妈看了李子柒的视频~妈妈学着做了玫瑰米酒，超级好吃！结果这期又有新的紫米酒了。。
Pas besoin d'aller faire les courses, tu as tout près de chez toi ! C'est super ! tu as une jolie vie malgré tout le travail que cela te donne.
A lot love for you, from 🇵🇰🇸🇦. God bless you 
Hi , Iam Muhammad ,  Iranian , thak you my dear sister
I can't understand anything but the surrounding and nature is just wow

When she threw the stem towards the vessel and her hair blew in the air, the stem went through my heart ️.
She and her videos have become a part of my periodic happiness. God bless her .
Six month efforts to make all happy i love that hard working team and the girl leader
why would anyone dislike these videos... I'm so confused. I live in the city and I'm so intrigued by her life. and the ending where she threw the darts and got them in! The shot with the wind in her hair- so mysterious!
It is very therapeutic to watch her cooking. Very delicious
Супер спасибо ,
Jirr bunga kematian :v
I love this woman️
Where are you  from
Труд не лёгкий, а но это пособие как жить в гармонии с природой, автономно. Уникально! Чтобы сделать одно видео проходит не один сезон.
La felicito es una mujer multifacetica hace de todo  muy trabajadora
The laughs at the end was everything
I love you i want to stay with you
The way she chopped the fish. So cool and relaxing.
李子柒都是假的   徐子八才是真的
時折り織り込まれる遥かな遠景の映像に心が揺さぶられます。
編集されて繋がれているどの映像にも撮影者の控えめなとても暖かい想いが感じられます。
特にわたしは、フェルメールを思い起こさせる（讓人聯想到費爾默的畫）調理場の一齣の映像に
惹き寄せられてしまいます。限りなく美しいです。
今年は、あの賽珍珠の『大地』を再読しようかと思っています。
悠久の中国の大地で生を謳歌する李子柒さんへ、日本から限りない賛辞の花束を・・・。
What a Beautiful hand with beautiful food making skills..i know its too hard inside to Cultivate so much..But Atlast she worth it...Mindblown
How do you prevent birds from eating the rice once you laid it out to dry ?
Super fake and cringy. Fun to watch tho…
Who's gonna eat all that bountiful food from the land? There's enough for 100 people. Wish I could cook like that, though! It's beautiful! 
I miss you
this video is so beautiful and well made it make me nostalgic
 I spend the first 12 years of my life on a farm  I was the happiest girl  ever until my parents ask my grampa to send  me to  leave with  them in Toronto I miss my grandpa I miss  the farm I miss the life, freedom, peace, and joy that I had 
 3 years ago I get diagnosed with depression and social anxiety  I am always in and out of the hospital  as soon I finish university I will go back  home (Jacmel)
勤劳的小女子，幸福的小家庭，能干得让很大大男人汗颜看到了小时侯总采摘的八月瓜！再次祝福你及家人。
How does she KNOW exactly the right way to grow each ingredient?? It’s not like she raises everything in one garden—  she literally raises hundreds of different vegetables, fruits, herbs and seasonings.  How does she know all of that?  She’s amazing.
I admire her youthful life .
I can’t stop watching her!!!
I love u....
I love this video ️️️
Is this the fake real-like movie?
I can only say one thing about her is that she really is a hardworker lots of love for her
Ow what amazing skill. I never seen before ,love from India
Shes so hard working completely a beautiful fairy.
誰かが私に話しかけるメッセンジャー
Oh wow that cob oven is too adorable. This food is unusual to us in the west except for pumpkins we are use to. And fish and luffa I started to grow-sandy- so what do your dogs eat? Fish and breads?
Please trans late
这些视频令人惊叹，和平，激发了我以及所有热爱美丽乡村和平生活的人们的灵感。 最好的李自奇，我真的很感激。 来自印度尼西亚的问候 
Bendita seas liziqi tienes de todo tierra bendita te da todo q ricas frutas y yo muerta de ambre veo tus videos y me pongo a soñar con tener un poquito de lo q tu tienes aún q sea solo en sueños
Just one word for you "AMAZING GIRL".
我怎样才能学中文？
waoo she is so hardworking i love her  
Nice good beutyful girl
Как всегда,выше всяких похвал!)
Always great stuff!
Люди с другой планеты... Великолепно! Нет слов!!! Аплодирую стоя!!!
Beautiful...hard worker...And Smart...
No worries happy when everything is made by hard work.. codo love you from usa
nic
Ô mulher que trabalha 🇧🇷🇧🇷
Có ai Việt Nam khum
Whoever the videographer is, is amazing as well. What incredible shots.
She does not falter. She does not complain. Shes so pationate and great at what she does. I wish I could learn how to do all these things, but theres so many other things I also want to learn. Its sad that our time in this world is so short. So stop wasting it, stop being lazy, enjoy life, learn as many skills as you can and make it a life worth living.
Like a haven Scene....I hope I can be there..even though I died 
Actually it's very late u didnt upload any videos
For all the people here saying that her life is so peaceful and they wished to live like that. Let me tell you that you don't want to live like that.

Waking up at 6 everyday, work, work, work and then prepare things in the evening when everything goes well. If not youre working till night. You just have to make things happen. You can't drink coffee, can't eat your favorite meals, can't take a proper warm shower, can't lie down and relax watching netflix and most importantly you can't take days off, weekends don't exist.

Think twice, hence i've lived like this.
Why you people not drinks water during meal
Добрый день, видео как всегда на высоте супер 
This is the most relaxing thing I have ever seen...
What a wonderful place..i am a love this place
武漢肺炎
Недеген еңбекқор қыз. Алла жар бол. Куш қуат бакыт бер. Осындай келін келсін ұлыма
Calon buk e cah cah sruegep
I thought of my mother, who was also a typical Chinese rural woman, and repeated these labors in my memory
Khu vườn của cô ấy thật xinh đẹp..bỗng Nhiên muốn về quê hii
李子柒真棒，將中華文化宣揚得真好~！！感謝~~
this is when you understand what 4 michelin star cooking is the true love of nature and its bounty
I love this woman 
I want continue my life with you 
ใช้ดิน
There is a collective genius behind these videos.
i love u
I am happy to see this beautiful side of China. China is really beautiful.
Jane of all trade.        amazing editing skills too
I never get tired of watch a BEAUTiful and Useful girl like this.
The other girls are all "me, me and me" without any contribution to life around them
She had stop making video like this.
I want to live with her

Không...
The real princess from the magic land ️️️️️️



Long live your highness 
An excellent video. Beautiful and serene. But total fantasy. All those skills are from a multitude of people she copies and consults then replaces them with herself in these videos. In a beautiful setting of course.
Wow! What a process!
ทนางบีอ้ายสติ๊ก
very hard work and an equally excellent dinner party.
Jhargram kitne mein bika.pj mp sm
She deserves a prince to share lifetime together with her .
A hardworking girl !
If anyone’s gonna ask who’s my favorite princess, I’d say it’s liziqi.
под конец ору просто вместе с ними )))
She’s probably the only human on the planet who can turn the water into wine 
Sería bueno que hicieras la traducción en español, saludos
So much hardworking this girl does I am jealous
The scene in the videos are so amazing and incredible
Life treat the hard working's lady well
You are talented.Like you video
Thanks for sharing
看你的影片已有一段时间了。虽然你我都是陌生的人，但，每一次期待的的影片就想以前期待远方的朋友寄来的报平安邮件。看着，看着，心里有了安慰，感动。知道你和家人都一样安康。当然，也非常羡慕你，影片一上就有世界各地的朋友给你支持和祝福 ！这一切的一切，你都付出了很多很多。谢谢你的用心。让我有了动力，努力做好一件事。看完了，我也该回去剪影片了。不然下星期就没有影片上传了。谢谢你，谢谢你给的动力 ！
比童話更美好!谢谢!
How could anyone describe the beauti of this channel. How beautiful is this world she narrate every aspect of this world almost
Ẩm thực trung quốc thật sự tuyệt vời dưới bàn tay khéo léo của ban.
LIZIQI IS A SUCH BEAUTIFUL WOMAN, I  LIKE THE WAY SHE DO, I ALWAYS WATCHING HER, I'M REALLY INLOVE WITH HER
Is this real I can't imagine this type of life 
really amazing
Whenever the dead of night, open the phone to see Li Ziqi's video, always give me a different feeling.
She cut fish like a Boss 
So peaceful..No pollution that you can inhale a freshly nature air..
me encanta tus videos
Di indo masih ada ga ya tempat kek gini? Tentrem bangett ya Allah :')
You,know she takes care of her grandma,the people in the USA could learn from her
Умница, красавица,а как ухаживает за бабушкой низкий поклон тебе.
Liziqi harvest + dianxi xiaojie cooks = heaven
liziqi has a whole farm and makes the coolest food
me: tries to make cereal and almost burns house down
دخيل ربك يا طباخه وطيب طبخاتك
Nonton video lama sambil nunggu video terupdate cece Liziqi 
E um encanto
This is called self actualization . Every moment is pure happiness absorbed in deep peace and work happens automatically . A true meditation . When work happens enjoying every moment of work ,everything follows you .this is called karmyog . Namaste
Beautiful Food!
Li Ziqi is a disseminator of Chinese culture, traditional cuisine!
There is nothing that women can't do. You are such a beautiful and strong women. Salute to you 
Every woman is like you, the world is peaceful
Am your fan from New Zealand. ..thank you so much for the video
Chinese people are always hardworking also unique techniques hence they r superior other countries
assalam o alaikum say  hi,
i am  from  pakistan ,  i like this video  this woman  so hardworker  and stuggler  i like the tradition and culture and cloths i like every item,  this video so naturefull wow  ,
我是把李子柒的短片当教育素材来看的。娃们竟然不知道花生是长在土里的，以为是长在树上的。每每看到这么接地气这么唯美的视频和音乐，觉得生活太美好了！必须点赞
She is really dedicated and hardworker beautiful too....from india
Such a satisfying video god
Dan semoga kakak yang ada di sanghai sana selalu seham salam dari Indonesia kak 
I'm so emotional right now
看李子柒的视频会上瘾的 越看越想看
As Ziqi sister's assistant, there is no hope of losing weight in her life.
she's really one of 27 identical twins.......identically amazing..or is it the HOOCh!....Go Girl
Never seen such a talented n hard working girl 
how can she is still pretty doing all the hard things :(
I’m actually in love
Perempuan tangguh
Salam dari indonesia
What a woman!!! 
Here I am, watching again and again all your videos cause I miss u so much, it's been 2 months since the last video
Liziqi sister️
love from india🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳️

きゃしゃで、きれいな人が何でも作り出す本当に、豊かな暮らしですね
U r so awesome️️
this girl is out of this world. i wish i was a man just so i could marry her. i cried watching this video.
Respect your food.
地盡其利，人盡其才！巧心、巧手傳承 祖先農㕑農活智慧！

The fact is everyone can do something similar, but still choose to watch YouTube instead and dream about it.
From sowing to reaping..Farm to table indeed..
اللهم يارزاق يا ذا القوة المتين أرزقني بحياة رائعة مثل هذه الحياة ، آميين، آميين، آميين.
Gadis ini terlihat sangat baik, penyayang
never thought of living like that, enchanted,
this inspires me of a wild spirit, running wild and living peaceful
really wanna be the puppies...... 
perhaps get a bit of leftovers
Me gustaría verla darles de comer a los perros, República Dominicana
It's a feast when she prepares meals. So healthy meals that even if you eat much you won't get fat. No wonder her grandma is still in healthy condition.
Liziqi is marvelous. A women every man dreams
一个视频做了两天三夜，想了四种思路换了五种文案，经过六次重写七推八敲九回修改，十分艰难！
Love from Indonesia🇮🇩
Прекрасная девушка . Трудолюбивая хозяюшка
Love from india tamilnadu.....liqizi god bless you and ur grandma....be happy wd grandma....plz god bless me I want to c her atleast one of my life.....I think she s god maybe....beco of she know everything ......plz don't stop videos....becoz we are smile reason of u only ....
The purple rice and peanuts dish is something I would eat.
SHE'S HARD WORKING LADY, SHE HAS MULTIPLE TALENT, SHE KNOWS  WHAT THE MAN DOING, LIKE PLANTING RICE AND VEGETABLES, AND EVEN IMPOSSIBLE , MY WISH IS HOPE TO SEE HER PERSONALY
好想和你一起过生活，幸福人间天堂
when i want make a video about food , i should make it form plant a rice.thats LI ZIQI
从来没看过农村有一个耕种的女子能有如此白皙的皮肤和不粗糙的手，但是作为一个演员，李子柒无疑是成功的。
You are life is so beautiful 
It is amazing, that she did it all by herself •-•
жудаям мехнаткаш богбон кизда. Умринг узок булсин.
This is better than watching GC Asmr ️
Amazing good job
Mind blown!
Her vedio give me peace 
Hi sister🇮🇳️️
Love from hyderabad india🇮🇳️
It requires a lot of patience to be her
I'm muslim from phillipine and I like this food because is similar ️
Best channel ..She and her videos and all that naturality in the content got that power to attract people around the world and to make feel the calmness and just what we all wish to have and live this way.PeacefulOnly love towards the channel and big thanks for sharing all the wonderful things.
The joy she feels after her hardwork is everything
Amazing 
I'm in love. I've been watching her videos for almost a month now, I think. Glad that I have a TV to watch her on, sad at the same time for having to watch a video instead of living this life too. Cheers from a Brazilian fan.
Makes me want to learn Chinese. Or Mandarin. I'm not sure..
she can make village life extraordinary ..good team
Absolutely love to watch your beautiful and awe inspiring videos.  Please add English subtitles so we can know the ingredients and what is being cooked. Blessings upon you always.
Omg i just wish to be a member of that homehow beautifull is this .the palce,the food,the people,,the ambience everything is superb
She is eating and working 
Everything about her channel from her production to herself us so magical 
Hi plz give ingredients names in english
Who believes that she is a hard working beautiful woman 
Such an amazing channel.. I absolute the simplicity but the artistry ️
I feel very happy while watching the video, enjoying life with nature's beautiful environment with natural food , it's like living in dream, great keep going its god gift enjoying life like this
Come from Indonesian... Love liziqi ️
Surpreendentemente como você faz tantas coisas ao mesmo tempo sem perder a delicadeza e simplicidade, é um sonho ser ou tê-la na vida Parabéns Show de bola muito legal sem palavras.
8:27 - 9:13 I know that flower so well 
It's actually in the middle of the night out here. Can't skip this one
Вот пример с кого стоит брать! Эта семья честно заслужила такой ужин!
I really liked your channel (我真的很喜欢你的频道. )
كم أحب حياتك البسيطة
This is heaven
I am from Indiaa🇮🇳🇮🇳 but I'm a big fan of Urss..Ur Grandmother is so cutee
very hardworking Li Ziqi
Wow️
In indonesia, fermented purple rice is called "Tape"
She is very strong and active because she never tired
amiga e irmã:Teus dinheiros dos céus e da terra/ Meus dinheiros dos céus e da terra.
devemos estar prontos para começar de novo.
Obrigado...
️️️️️
Beautiful...
Today im pub your videos in my FACEBOOK, thanks you dear LI ZIQI,  YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL LADY, with your greema!! A big hug, from Paraguay 🇵🇾 in AMERICA LATINA!!! BLESSES. SISTER!!! 
Everything is so beautiful. And she is so beautiful. I only wish somebody would help her with all that work.
Where are all the pest animals?  Here in Florida USA we have rabbits, raccoons etc eating ground based foods and we have birds and squirrels eating fruit in trees. I do love your videos... but we interested how the old world handles animal pests... P.S. Those puppies could not be any cuter.
บรรยากาศดีมาก
Want to be like her
ทำไมดูคลิปนี้เเล้วน้ำตาไหล มันทำให้ฉันคิดถึงแม่ของฉัน ที่คล้ายคุณ เธอเสียชีวิตไป 20 กว่าปีแล้ว คลิปของคุณทำให้ฉันมีความสุขอีกครั้ง และอยากกลับไปมีชีวิตแบบคุณสักครั้งในชีวิตของฉัน ขอบคุณสำหรับคลิปดีๆนี้ :)
Very hardworking girl
I'm so jealous of her n her neighborhood,  surrounding everything of everything I'm jealous........y is she n her house everything is blessed
She’s young strong an movein on beautiful
Others : Welcome back to my channel.. blah blah Follow me this and that... 
Lizi : Starts with beautiful music  (shows us how we r supposed to live a happy life)  
Greetings from the USA! Li Ziqi! I am ABSOLUTELY AMAZED by you !! The way you take care of your grandmother brings tears to my eyes. Your skills are Fantastic! Your grandfather would be SO PROUD of you !!! You build things(!!) you make clothes, do tons of crafts! Your gardening and cooking skills are AMAZING ! You have such Divine Taste! Your VIDEOS are just Perfect. They bring Happiness! Thank you , darling ! God BLESS YOU in EVERYTHING you DO !!
What a talented young lady and Living the dream!
Thank you Liziqui for your videos, greetings from Mexico.
Amazing
Nature, happiness, positive vibes and family... everything including in this package of liziqi
God bless u
勤劳、扑实、出污泥而不染。
Me encanta verla... Es increíble todo lo que hace... Me gustaría vivir ahí de todo tienen, pero sabiendo esas recetas y deberían de poner subtitulos en español
Li Ziqi, you are an inspiration. You give off so much peace and love that it is medicine for  persons with bad auras. Thank you. By the way, I love your sweet mom.
What did she pick up from the tree after picking the chestnut  ???
The long fruit ???
Marvelous!! Congratulations, Liziqi, for your beautiful Channel! (kind regards from Madrid, Spain).
這直播主最近全球新聞熱播度好像真的很火熱啊
легко и непринуждённо...с детской непосредственностью...а сколько трудолюбия и усидчивости...
Omg i just wish to be a member of that homehow beautifull is this .the palce,the food,the people,,the ambience everything is superb
Liziqi, you're living my dream life. I hope someday I will live a life like yours now.
Malaysia coming 🇲🇾
I want to live a life like this 
What a well made Chinese government supported documentary film.
А я все переживаю за ее позвоночник... Такие тяжести постоянно таскает!
Очень красивый ролик о единении души и природы. Таким людям не страшны вирусы и политика. Добра вам!
I'm from rural area and I know exactly what she is doing but I can't do it elegantly 
خیلی عــــــــــــــالی بود 
زندگی سالم و زیبایی داری 
موفق باشی دختر پرتلاش 
又是一場完美的嚮宴
️
Ughhhhh I'm in love
She is smarter than 10 politicians put together.
别说老外了，我一个中国人看你视频都觉得你是神仙
1 yıl sonra tekrar

Mantap idaman banget
I am in love with this girl.  God’s most perfect human.
Then thumbnails was giving me Mulan IRL vibes 
She has a whole grocery product in her yard.
This young woman is the Martha Stewart  of China. I am enjoying all her videos.
عايشين في نعيم ما شاء الله
支持李子柒，希望你打赢官司
All credit goes to ur channel camereman,,,nd also u & ur grandma,,,
ถึงจะเหนื่อยแต่ก็มีความสุข
Счастливые люди -  под счастливым небом... на счастливой земле...)))
請問有没有制造炉子过程視頻谢谢
10:17 I call it tape in Indonesia, a mixture of black glutinous rice and white glutinous rice then add the refined yeast
I really love liziqi. I'm not jealous of her instead I am inspired to be like her. I thought she has over 15M subscribers? But it's okay she did great every time she uploads her videos. Love from the Philippines🇵🇭
This one was great!  I love the dinner party with drinking and friends.  What a rich life!
Take love from Bangladesh. I want to lost myself here .
When  I watch liziqi’s videos, I never feel I need much money to have a wonderful life.
Em  ước được  đi chơi  một  lần  khám  phá  cảnh  ở  đó  một lần  thì  nhớ  cả  đời  mãi ko  quên
ما شاء الله شاطرة
I can watch these videos all day long <3
感激 子柒！！ 簡直係 史詩級介紹中華文化比全世界的人 。。
Я ТОЖЕ ФАНАТ ЛИЗИКИ 
Seriously, what CAN'T Li Ziqi do?!! I love your videos!!! ️
Love YOU ️
I wouldn't bother myself so much. I would just directly eat leaves.
What an amazingly skillful, talented and beautiful woman, I wish you much happiness.
I been watching your channel since. I really love your content and how your life is. It is just a dream of anyone. Your content is life movie. Thank you for sharing to the world. You think if possible to just come and visit for a week and live the life of what you have
I'm Your Filipino Fan️
I don't know how to express ma happiness while seeing this video , its such an amazing ️ nature lover love from kerala
人间值得!
The meaning of liziqi in Chinese is " Gift from Heaven"
So beautiful! I wish I had this life.
Ах, если бы были объяснения на русском
Wow so beautiful, I have so many questions and so much to learn.  But this is sheer inspiration for a simpler natural life.
very beautiful, I admire his work and I love his culture, one of the most beautiful wonders that the earth has. It is a journey in time, a journey in memories. someone knows the name of the melodies, I love them.
I can't read the Comments cuz I don't want to miss a single moment of her .
Liziqi is one of my most admired women. Besides she is beautiful. She is still very talented in cooking. He did not care about the heavy work. I get no problem when I watch him, I hope you are more impressed like me. I am your number one fan, I love you LIZIQI 
Molim prevod na srpski
She doesn’t seem like the type to go to the gas station and  get a candy bar, bag of chips and a coke!!
Muito trabalhoso mais parece gostoso Parabéns  !!!
Oh my god. That fish looks so good 
This video quite down the days,after everything is over
This girl is sooooo amazing  such a hard-working girl 
Love from Pakistan ️ 🇵🇰
Lots of Lv from India
All I was thinking when the people came to visit her was "must be nice to get to eat the food she made" 
I would give my right arm to live where u̶̲̥̅̊ do. You are so lucky. All that land and a beautiful house aͣndͩ grounds. You are also very talented
Every time I feel bad I come here to watch your videos, because I feel better. today I had stomach pains and made a boldo tea, I took it while watching this video, and now I feel better, thanks for being my refuge from this cruel world
I think she is very popular but only thing that runs in my mind since ive watching
wish to marry her!!
I have no words to explain my feelings. ️ People given so nice comments already .... Well it's soo seticifying living life 
Chất quá
Whoever marries this lovely woman will never get starve
If I was a guy I would be completely in love with you and everything that you do! Your home is incredible. You are absolutely gorgeous! I love watching you work. It’s like watching art.
Yay, I'm early! 

and ngl, she's like mother nature herself.
Wow All fresh food is mouth watering and delicious with great Hardwork 
Tutto questo è davvero magnifico! ^^
Buenas no entiendo nada yo solo entiendo español pero muchas gracias por contestar un saludo
She is simply WONDERFUL!!  She  has been a great source of helping all of us recognize that we Belong to Nature and ONLY   there (!!)  can we find Peace and Happiness in life.
you are very strong. Im so love in you
If I accidentally left without liking, I would go in my history to like it again.....

That's great cuz no other utuber has ever achieved this.
It's a life I'd love...the honest, clean, life she lives. So full of ideas and plans. Blessed to have her precious grandmother and so good to her too. Bless you, Liziqi. Love to watch you live...
I love her life style
so simple and peace
I'm malayali from Kerala.    India
Nature is so beautiful and peaceful 

without technologies and competitive work for money, returning back to nature, maybe human beings can have a better life.....
Как же у бабушки глаза светятся. Счастливая старость.
Favourite Chinese farm home cooked meals by my favourite chef. Astounding!!
Dude I really wanna meet uu love u alottt
Her every video is so refreshing 
Rasanya pingin kesana...hidup disana...
The series of “The life of…”
One of the best youtuber in the world..WORTH WATCHING EACH SECONDS OF THE VIDEO..God bless you️️
我在城市的焦慮及憂鬱，隨著妳視頻一幅幅幽美的畫面而得到療癒，謝謝子柒，希望有朝一日我能活得像妳一樣純真自在、樸實燦爛。
Thank you for showing 
Your knowledge 
You live a beautiful life
and enjoyed of the fruit of the nature
amazing
Her videos are amazing....love them
Mashallah
No Brasil nunca vi tanta disposição e  agilidade  Deus abençoe vc
大晚上看这个要饿死我
看到子柒和婆婆开心地一起吃饭，想我家里高龄的奶奶，希望她身体健康！长命百岁！希望明年可以回家！一家团圆！
She is a great chef :) Brava!
Li Ziqi!  You are a PURE DIAMOND !  I am so happy I found your channel.  Your Love and Understanding of Nature, your NUMEROUS Skills  and TALENTS  are INCREDIBLE! You are So Beautiful and TALENTED.  Hard work brings wonderful fruits. 
I TOTALLY ADMIRE you!
誰知盤中餐，粒粒皆辛苦！
Everything about this video is just so calming... 
Liziqi is great
The dedication it takes to film this video over months is admirable. How she manages to make every dish look so pretty
L'instancabile Lizzi!!! 
E molto rilassante guardare i suoi video!Bella,brava e si sta creando il suo vero paradiso terrestre....Dopo una giornata di duro lavoro e fresca come una rosa e nessuna traccia di stanchezza..
Ragazzi ...questa è una donna ideale!!!!!
A marvelous life style. An absolutely wonderful way to live.
我應該是世界上等一個人提出來健康生活目標的中國人吧，目前中國人14億人沒人重視健康生活。
Oh i really like her lifes ️ Love it from Indonesia
Beauti
I wish we all get to live like this at least Once in our lives. Then we'd understand how hard it is for those people to bring all those raw ingredients for us. And we will never waste anything anymore, we would understand; Life isn't always easy to go, that it's not in the bustling and busy life we have everyday but how we connect with nature, understand her and be more careful with what we do. We need to understand that alot must be given than there is to take. Love the Video️. Stay safe everyone
So beautifully shot and edited!
So much Appreciation for every part of the meals, created with care using almost all the ingredients collected gathered and braught. 
This makes me happy to see there is still this respect for the meals, preparation, growth and harvest. Thank you 

I am proud to have witnessed such joy, care and family bond.

One of my Favourite YouTube Channels #1 shared with a similar channel both show such respect towards family, harvest, cooking and meals. 

Have a wonderful day.
Esta mujer es estraordinaria me encanta ,estos vídeos no tienen que faltar y que tierra más buena
Is there anything she doesn’t know? Amazing  

I liked your video so much. It made me feel relaxed and calm. 

Great job!! 
I like her video so much
I've never had authentic Chinese treats. It's a shame most of the Chinese style restaurants here in the States mainly focus on entrees, which are predominantly considered "junk food" by authentic Chinese standards. I think what intrigues me the most about the treats you make is that I seldom see you add unnecessary amounts of sugar. Keeping them naturally sweet with the fruits, rice and grains pulled from the Earth.

The sheer amount of physical labor she does is staggering!  She is strong!  Her plants always look so healthy and lush.  I like watching the baby plants start to grow.
When ever I get sad  l watch her videos because these motivate me to make life beautiful and happy
Oh my gosh that looks soooo good!!!
Hii sister...... we miss you so much where are you..... we want to see you again....
The presentation is remarkable i love it
欸！我赫然發現有兩萬個不喜歡她欸！？他們應該都屬於吃飽等死的那一類吧？
She deserves all the recognition and praise after all it's hard to take some videos and waiting for it to complete.. she deserved the millions of followers..
Amazing  and Wonderful Li Ziqi !!  Her hometown of rural Pingwu, Mianyang, Sichuan  Province  in China.
Thanks for sharing, it's inspiring.
Impian gua,hidup kayak dia
Love this amazing cooking..
Hi,,,,i'm frm INDIA,,,urs vdo super,,,
Такая гармония в семье и красота , я желаю всем здоровья и долгих лет жизни!!!
so relaxing, as always. thank you
I never thought that I would look forward with such great anticipation "any" videos on YouTube.  I was wrong, I love Li's videos and usually watch them several times each.  Extraordinary woman with many talents and a work ethic that is beyond compairison.  She is also incredibly beautiful.  Her future husband will be a lucky man.  
您很棒，我喜欢您的内容。谢谢 ️
Уважение и поклон...🇰🇿

No words for your content richness with everything.
Pure down to earth
What fruit is that?
段々四季が分からなくなる近年、忙しなく過ぎてく日々に凄く疲れるけど、貴方の動画を見ると季節をゆっくり楽しめるし心が豊かになる気がします。今回も素敵な日常をありがとうございます️️
Loved to see it. Awesome ️️
So great..... very nice video.......hard work done by you successfully.....may God bless you....️ From, Assam, India
Thanks 
FREE HONG KONG. FREE UIGHUR. SAVE MYANMAR ..
You are really fantastic  well done
岁月静好？背后必有强大的操…李子柒不过就是一个道具而已！
I love watching your channel over here from America. So much chaos over here and all over the world.  You life living routines brings me some peace, remembering the time I used live in my native land with no care in the world about Covid and people dying! I love your life! It's like watching heaven on earth.
Credit to the star of these videos. I'm wondering who film and edit these videos as it has a high production value with effects, music, setting up the camera, photography skill, angle, lighting and all the works?
Começar do zero não é fácil... Estamos inciando a realização do nosso sonho... E com fé em Deus vamos realizar a nossa transição da cidade para a roça!!! Amém?! Deus abençoe cada um de vcs!!! 
Not see any new videos. What's happening? Hope everything is ok
как прекрасен Китай и люди, там живущие!...)
FREE HONG KONG. FREE UIGHUR. SAVE MYANMAR,
I feel that eating with them is really an experience on a 5 star michelin restaurant.

Actually really more. Not only is beautiful,  and with such a variety of flavors and parfums...

But also you feel the dedication and love on each one of the dishes. 

This is what true wealth is.
Li Ziqi's RURALPARADIZE!!  Pingwu County (Chinese: 平武县; pinyin: Píngwǔ Xiàn) is a county in the north of Sichuan province, China, bordering Gansu province to the north.
I am so in love watching how she cooks and prepares the food it's just wonderful that nature provides such natural beautiful food it makes me hungry every time I watch her I would love to just move my kids right around where she lives and live off the land for the rest of our lives my kids will be elated
It feels like im heaven upon watching her videos the place is my dream place....wish i have that kind of place too
Wow, I love this.
This girl also work so hard
Liziqi has a purpose for every single leaf to root left there....she is a gem
姑娘，干活一定要护腰啊，顺便戴手套，还没有生孩子，你不护腰以后就要吃苦头的。
This is what you call living in peace and from nature.  I respect everything you do because you do it with love and patience, especially you taking such loving care of granny. Whenever things start getting hectic I watch your videos and it brings peace and calm.  Peace to you and your family. I'm in The Bahamas!!
I wonder who record and edit all her videos because this is definitely done by a professional.
you inspire liziqi ,, I am your loyal audience 
Amon kothor porishromi loxmi meye kom e ache 
That is simply perfect
That is life I want
So amazing
Bé này giỏi quá
Her videos are the only I would watch till the end without any skip, I barely blink!!

And she never betray us with so much ads.

How could she compact all those hard work into one single video. So amazing. Made me cry to every gentleness.
this is not just logging. this is documenting. cinematography superb
The simplicity of life and nature at its best untainted.
When will that day arrive for me?
Ada katel ada ketel..
Kalau ketel artinya penggorengan..
Kalau ketel uap artinya uap di goreng jadinya torque untuk locomotion..

看到土豆（台語發言）
就想到我的外公
當時我大約十一歲
第一次幫外公挖土豆 真的好辛苦啊
雲林的土豆非常有名氣
Nice
Это очень круто ты просто молодец ️️
I would like to live with her. So beautiful (speaking about her and her garden and her abilities)
Так мило и прекрасно!!! 
The simple elegant beauty of China 
Love watching your videos
E xinh mà tuyệt vời nhất quả đất này luôn ấy.
Que bonito!!!
liziqi 채널을 사랑하는 사람
I really want to try the food she made. They look so good with that ingredients straight out of her garden. I can only imagine how fresh and healthy it would be while eating them.
So satisfying watching ur video...love from india🇮🇳
She is such a "Gem" 
toda honra poder glória dominio a Jesus nós perdemos mas Ele nos encontra.
子供の頃父や母達がしていた生活をふと、垣間見ることができました。
映画のようで見入ってしまいました
田舎生活でも映像綺麗、音楽もいい
お料理もきれい、おいしそうです。
#FreeWestTaiwanFromEvilCCP 🇹🇼🇹🇼🇹🇼
This woman has such an incredible talent. Everything in her video reflects so much art and beauty! Not to mention all the hard work involved to produce such magnificent film!
Jiwa petaniku meronta ronta melihat channel ini
Such a hardworking beautiful hearted woman
I like this liziqi
Your are artist you are creative versatile eco-friendly a wonder women inspiring the world of farming with nature @Liziqi
谢谢
Can't believe that all came from her garden. everything looks so amazing. what a peaceful life. sure you have to work for it but that's part of peace.
So simple, yet peaceful. A lot of us..have gaming consoles, computers, high end phones..yet very stressed
看到沒 這才叫做真正有 素食的網紅 李子柒關注你很久了 很欣賞你的才能 說實在話 像你這樣有才能的網紅 沒有幾個耶 我真的很欣賞你 希望你常常出片那不要 讓我們等那麼久 好嗎謝謝
It’s lovely. Vutran tv like it very much. Please make more video for everyone watching. Thanks!
Thank you for loving Korean kimchi. Kimchi is Korean food. 
感谢您对韩国泡菜的钟爱，韩国泡菜是韩国传统食品。
Real rice people
the dream of a man to have such a beautiful and hardworking wife, she even works more than many men in this world, I fall in love with watching her do things with such delicacy and wanting everything to turn out well. A kiss from her should be like a warm morning when that gentle heat touches your lips and a gentle breeze smelling of country flowers.
Orang cantik mh mau gimmana pun juga te2p cntik
Look how happy she is while playing, dancing just like an innocent child.
I would love to find someone like that to help me on my small us farm. It’s tough these days with American woman.
Hermoso!!
Anyone know what the text on the screen says?
️ from Bangladesh.. Natural life love it.
So good so far away
pov: you liked the video before watching because liziqi's videos are always amazing!
Làm nông nghiệp tốt, chúc sức khỏe tốt, có trí tuệ, có sức khỏe, có tất cả. Trồng cây chăm sóc tốt,gặt hái tốt, cô ấy sẽ hài lòng với những gì  muốn có, một người phụ nữ giỏi, bất cứ chỗ nào cũng có thể sống.
She is  very  interesting to do this  things  l think  she loves  gardening  
คุณทำกับข้าวได้เก่งมากสมเป็นกุลสตรีชาวจีน🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭thailand
Surely a big production team, I wonder how much they pay the actress and how many people are involved in a hq production like this
Toma ke khub bhalobashi
She is like living in heaven and the food she is making looks really good a healthy
Strong woman!  I love this channel 
柒柒好幸福，天天可以吃自已种的天然食品，住玫瑰花园，还可以和自己的亲人在一起。上天不会辜负每一个认真生活的人！
Wowowow amazing love it bless you more  
The original life in rural village under mountin. The air so clean cold, the boiled rice, fraying chiken, fish  vegetable fresh, like in the heaven. Salam for the beautiful girl under cloudly mountin, Liziqi.
Wonder woman.
Super fantastic Liziqi. Best regards from Milan - Italy
راءع
When the world needed her the most she came back
看了这些视频仿佛回到了童年时光，家乡的那山，那水，那一草一木令人难忘。
JANGAN DI TEMENIN DESANYA TERLALU AESTHETIC:')

She is so blessed...
Ermi visit lizqi..it means they both r friends..running channels..
I am in love with her and her lifestyle.
What a heaven-like place.
Ahhh que maravilla y que tortura no poder comer eso se ve riquisimoooooo maldita sea
Todas  as cenas muito bem pensadas.
Will you marry me ? but, I, am from India.
Much appreciated your wor!!!Really man is the cream of creations!!!
How rich china's culture is.
YAS! I literally refreshed your channel everyday to see if you had uploaded any new video. Thank you for brightening up my day ️
MashAllah ,the best life ️
Красавица,  умница и великая труженица.  Рисует,  поет, вышивает! Сколько же сил у нее,  конечно по  таком питании точно будет и здоровье и силы!  Сама она говорит,  что эти видео - мечта,  это  такой  жизнью ей хотелось бы жить.  Вдохновляюсь этими сказками.
Such a beautiful life...
This dinner looks so yummy! She's an real chef artist

看李子柒的视频都会想自己的外婆，外婆虽然大学就在上海生根发芽了，但是成都口音带了一辈子。所以每次我听到四川话都感觉特别亲切！
Woman was like seasoning in any an years..
..

Ah, I love Liziqi's videos so much. Milady, I send you much love from France. You show the perfect life in my humble opinion. Flamboyant nature, animals, skills, calmness, beauty, self help, and no pollution, no cars, no ugly smokey city. You're blessed, Milady. And you bless us with a glimpse on your wonderful life. I wish I was like you, free, living in nature, and able to do all these things. You will obviously survive if a zombie apocalypse happens.
Edit: in France we are very proud of our food, but I need to say: Chinese (and Asian) food is TRUE ART. Colorful, healthy, yummy, I absolutely love to watch you make food.
Wow her place is so nice 
為什麼懂那麼多各式各樣的，做吃的方法。好厲害
مين مثلي عربي
begitu indahnya kehidupan sehari" dari awal sampai memanen dan menyimpanya
اكو عراقين لو اروح انام
This is  my favorite YouTube channel  i have ever seen. Everytime YouTube recommends a new video of you, i click to watch it. Because when i watch your video, i have more inspiration in studying when I'm tired. I hope you will be healthy and make more videos so that everyone can see them. I love the nature is n Sichuan china and i love you so much. I come from vietnam
Beautiful video.Those glasses very interesting,just wondering if they made from glass or anything else?
Lizzie you're beautiful,happy women's day.
看到子柒笑的開心我看著也笑了
who is making the video for her ?
She lives very happy..it is a simple life...
Like si hablas español
I can't picture myself being able to do even a tenth of what she's doing. What an amazing and capable human. Mad respect for her and this channel.
##Keep going ##Liziqi
You can see the amazing ancient culture of her nation in her knowledge and skills. By far the most developed culture on our planet. If aliens come to this planet, I want Liziqi to represent us as human race, not the presidents lol
Beautiful nature woman did a good job about a farmer by herself.. wow.
Love from India🇮🇳️
BAL black rice
Los paisajes son verdaderamente asombrosos!
My little lotus.
So thoroughly inspiring and relaxing. I want to be productive, but in a really calming way, and that’s hard to find. I don’t even like squash but I’d eat everything you’ve made here in a heart beat
Beautiful ️
Work is life. I love so much!
대부분의 인민들은 극도로 가난한데 
이런 공산당 여자만 대우받고 사는 중국 
想起小时候了，因为看到了八月瓜和彼岸花！！！好想回到湖南湘西乡下！！
Who is  behind camera man.. Show us plz.
Watching liziqi videos is like meditation for me. Love from India️
esta chica es  maravillosa.
your life brings a million motivation
他现在怎么样了？
I like when she greets the visitors.
Me 
I love to see her grandma's smile when her cousin came.. Grandma looks so happy 
De lo mejor para ver. Relajante, bello e instructivo. Gracias. Aquí dejo un pequeño obsequio de primavera. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eoTHcFO3-Q
My heart is so satisfied after watching this,thank you so much liziq for ur effort that you put in these videos️
she is really working hard and needs somebody to help!
I wonder if Ziqi had a hangover after so good drinks :-)
Studio Ghibli vibes
Haters gonna hate, keep it up:)
Nice girl.
Liziqi, You are a perfectly multi-talented and incredible human. and i envy your life style. i really like your videos.
wow what a video...that is one of the best rice Especially those who have diabetes and high blood pressure
What a luxurious life not everyone can afford.
FREE HONG KONG. FREE UIGHUR. SAVE MYANMAR, FREE HONG KONG. FREE UIGHUR. SAVE MYANMAR,
I always wonder everytime I watch her videos, I always wonder on how does she maintain her clothes clean, well not that clean clean but just clean... I mean, all those works then in the end it's still clean.
I look like it's Arabic
The ending makes me so happy and Liziqi looked like a princess in the wild. And then the others cheered for her ! 
I'm in love ️️
não entendi porque cv colocou a lona no amendoim 🇧🇷🇧🇷
중국은 제발 넷플릭스 돈 내고 봐라
طعامكم كل ورق وخضار صحة وعافية الحياة في أحضان الطبيعة
nice may darlig
whats wrong with those ppl who dislike this amazing video? omg, anyway liziqi video always amazing
whenever I feel sad I watch her videos
I'm just amazed at how she knows all of this. It takes time to aquire this much knowledge and even more time to put it into practice so effortlessly. I will start my own small garden this coming year but I'm already overwhelmed by everything I need to know xD!
เป็นผู้หญิงที่ดูสวยธรรมชาติ​แถมเก่งเรืองเกษตร​กร​ ปลูกผักใช้ชีวิตอยู่กับธรรมชาติที่สวยงามมากๆ​ บรรยากาศ​ดีมาก​ อยากมีที่ดินแบบนี้​สักแปลงจัง​  อยากมีฝันอยู่กับธรรมชาติ​ใช้ชีวิตแบบนี้​พอเพียงแค่นี้พอ​
What a Wonderful Place That is!
我吃很多。
Q rico maní Ami me gusta en guiso  se tuesta y muele se adereza con cebollas ajo y ají colorado y  con papas y pollo muy sabroso y nutritivo. Saludos Lima Perú
哗众取宠，有实力没那时间，有时间的人没那钱，觉得坐下秀而已
It’s the serenity and peace that comes with this life for me 
Incredible and amazing.
Cô gái của những niềm vui bình dị.hạnh phúc đến từ những điều giản đơn.
Lucky your chanel not banned by usa
Beautiful scenes!
Skjp juga tumbuh
Im at a Budhist monastery in vietnam right now and the nun are playing your video before Dharma teaching class ( as a trick to get people come to class sooner). They love how calming your video is. Its amazing how far you reach ️
Impressive :-) Great Job
Wonderful video. No wonder she has more than 14 millions subscribers. +1.
I miss u
she is living his best life, i think its better than watching korean drama lmao
能上妳家嗎
Who could possibly dislike ANY of her videos? This content is so beautiful and well done. I watch these every time I feel stressed and need a peaceful, beautiful distraction. Thank you for all that you do with your amazing talents! It is so refreshing to watch and I am in utter awe of you.
I'd rather eat the foods she prepared than those gourmet foods prepared by chefs.  Home cooked meals are still unbeatable
I haven't got to smell the scent of ripen paddy for last 4-5 years. I stay in city to pursue my studies but currently I'm in my home village due to pandemic. I had an amazing opportunity to plant rice in my grandparents home. When I visit them on saturdays, the feeling of watching paddy grow that I planted, feels so surreal. They'll be ripe in few months but I doubt if I'll be able to feel the scent as the university might be calling us soon to conduct our exams. But I sincerely wish God to give me this bless as well. Yes humans are greedy
Peace and HARMONY is pretty much ALL you need for Happiness.
She is amazing & very beautiful 
大好きです
1から料理するのは感動します、そしてとても美しいです
I know some people want more in life, but I would like this. Farming and listening to music and reading books while I take lunch and before I fall asleep. Maybe I'll crush some leaves and charcoal and berries and flowers and make paint to create artwork for my walls. I can raise chickens and maybe a cat or dog that keeps the pests out of the storage room. I could tell the temperature by watching and listening to the birds and crickets and can get ready for storms and bring in the laundry by smelling the air and identifying the clouds. I can watch the tadpoles grow into frogs in the spring and see the deer and squirrels and birds raise their young when the last frost turns to dew for the season. I can dry my own tea leaves and sit outside when it's still chilly in the morning and sip my tea and eat the eggs I boiled last night with some toast with butter and the preserves that I made last summer.
I would love that.
Smart camera person and talented  liziqi..
I'm new to her channel and I have been binged watching. She's is so talented.
Cok gozelsin️️️
Съел дома все что было, не могу остановиться..
MACIE CUDEŃKA JUŻ! BEZ DOSKONAŁEGO WEJŚCIA!
الجمال والطبيعه فيديو في غايه الروعه
WITAMINA CHODZĄCA! GDZIE RĘKA DOTKNIE!
She reminded me a lot of my childhood life in China.  I did similar things when I was young.  It makes me want to go back to China when I have a chance 
For most of the recipes, if not all of them,  i have no idea what it is but i want some  !
넘 대단분이시네요
Hy,IAM in Kerala,big fan of you️ really I love ur life style ️️️️
So beautiful
Спасибо за видео.
在平淡中体会到宁静和诗意，
那是田园生活之下的李子柒。
Чего то там вкусненькое!
I think she's trying to make the best of her life and lifestyle that she's in and I learn stuff from her every day and admire her dillengence.
É sempre um prazer assistir seus vídeos. Interessante ver alimentos nativos aqui da América do Sul que se espalharam por toda a Terra, como a abóbora e o amendoim. Parabéns!!
when I watch her videos I don't feel of time they are really amazing and full of positive energy
Where this beautiful places,I love liziqui all vediose, thank u  so much from India🇮🇳
Wow this was probably the best 30 mins that I have spent in a month on YouTube.
Thank you for sharing your culture, your food. Both are beautiful.
Coloca legenda o nome do q vc usa na culinária
影片中讓我感覺出中國人簡簡單單的幸福，一日無非三餐家人但求長在...每個時代幸福符號或許相異，但幸福感覺卻始終如一...
I enjoy watching all the hard work and love put into EVERYTHING done in these videos. But the love and care shown to the elder? It just warms my heart so much. Blessings be on the families that care for those who once cared for us and taught us what we know. You are and should be blessed for caring for granny as you do. 
Mulher maravilhosa, lindamente cuida do alimento com amor , carinho e muito talento para com o preparo desde o plantio até o preparar de deliciosa culinária, DEUS a abençoe assim eternamente moça talentosa e zelosa pelo campo. Parabéns de honra e gratidão!
一個女孩怎麼能幹這麼多活？ 這麼多美麗的花園和環境。 創造吉尼斯世界紀錄並不容易。 你不僅漂亮或有禮貌
What an incredibly hard working young lady. ️️️  she is amazing and I am a new subscriber bcuz I so enjoyed this video . 
The food looked delicious, I just wish I knew what they all were. 
Un lindo estilo de vida
The most busy person on earth , the most talented Ang well skilled️ love you zhi qi - a fan from Philippines with ️
The happiness shown in these videos is always so pure
The kind of video I would be watching for hours. First because I am in love with her, of an incomparable beauty. The way she does everything with care and care. Something that catches my attention is the fact that nothing is wasted! Impossible not to love.
我只想知道一件事 还有什么是你不会的事情。把中国特有的田园生活 让很多人知道 好样的
Os vídeos dessa moça me dão uma tranquilidade 
Meu sonho é viver num lugar lindo assim
Watching from malaysia from first until now love it
Those cinematic closeups of food she made are just beyond this world...they are like art but christ do I wanna eat them
Wow.. the beauty of this makes me cry... the flowers blooming was incredible 
I really like your programs.  I wish one day we could go there.  We always watch your movies with my family and have a lot of fun.️🇨🇭🇨🇭
สวยมาก เก่งมาก กตัญญูมากๆ นางฟ้าตกสวรรค์แต่...นางฟ้าก็ยังคงเป็นนางฟ้าวันยันค่ำ เห็นแล้วมีความสุขปีติด้วย สาธุ
Chắc hẳn có nhiều ae ước lấy đc cô vk như này lắm nhỉ :))
Amazing channel, greats 
Можно есть в сыром виде а китайцы всё жарят
TAK WINNA WYGLĄDAĆ KOBIETA!
Смотреть ваше видео, столько удовольствия получаешь. Благодарю ️️️
Beautiful
People are in awe when watching indeed a skillful girl doing a lot of things...but how many realize that God - the Creator of everything - the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit are worthy of praise for providing us with joy, rest, food, nature,  strength..etc ?!?  :) Glory be to God , the Lord above. May the God of Israel, bless everyone and keep you safe. May He open your spiritual eyes to receive His Salvation and everlasting life. In Jesus's name I bless you.
id be lying on my bed like a vegetable after cooking one recipe 
what are the white cubes she crushes and adds to the rice? are they for fermentation?
Where can I find the music that used in the video? 
It's so beautiful
Эту девушку мы смотрим семьей уже полгода.Восхищении нет границ.Она стала родной.В ее роликах столько добра и красоты и спокойствия. Спасибо тем кто присоединяется моему мнению.
I don’t think Li understands the meaning of life.. she needs an iPhone and an iPad to improve her self worth and to show others that she matters.. ️
Целый день готовить, чтобы всю ночь кушать)) 
Это не жизнь. Это ритуал..
ROBIĘ WSZYYSTKIM PRZYJEMNOŚĆ!
️
Keindahan" alam yg di peelihatkan oleh Li z iqi
在快节奏的生活状态下细品李子柒的视频，是一种难以言语的享受，她让我懂得生活需要慢下来，给予老人、小孩多一点耐心与关怀。李子柒，谢谢你奉献出如此有意义的视频！！
New meaning for empowerment- one in action and not just talk.
物产好丰盛哦，都是努力劳动的成果。
栗子、八月瓜，彼岸花是这一期的惊喜。每个画面都是那么诗情画意，又真实不虚。继续支持你，子柒姑娘。
Lovely and talented in many ways! A life style of love, imagination, and wisdom seldom found with great perfection.
What a lovely Young lady! Obviously a wonderful cook and gardener with a special care for her grandmother and family. What a treat to watch her!
Do anybody know what she does against slugs and other vermin which damages vegetables in the fields? This vegetables look always without prejudice when comming out of the patch.
So amazed every time. The skills and abilities she has are beyond incredible
Her silky hair always makes her look good  even if she wakes up!
Так всё прекрасно, как музыка! Восхищаюсь этой девушкой!
God sent her down to earth to remind us hard working can be as relaxing as what’s in the video. You cannot imagine she worked so hard yet maintaining a very elegant and calming appearance. To her, working is like an art.
I live in the uk and I have been watching your videos for a while . You have a lifestyle that I can only dream about ️
Awesome
Belíssimo trabalho vejo muito Amor Dedicação Força de Vontade ao fazer as coisas. 
Wow so beautiful 
Спасибо ! Вот что надо показывать по ТВ!!!! ВЫ СУПЕР!!!!!
Eres pura inspiración 
Good memories,,,,  I would help my grandmother in the garden. Hours planting , preparing cooking sometimes being rich is simply a way of life. 
I love the natural beauty
The thumbnail looked epic!your so brave,I can't even climb a tree at all so I see that pretty special!Your so talented Liziqi,keep up the hard but good work
Hi any chinese who can tell the name of the fruit she picked from the tree after she got the shesnuts please thank you.
Liziqi's video is one of my therapy after a long tiring online class.
Much respect for u #Liziqi. Your genuine and a beautiful sweet soul who loves her Grandmother. I admire u and just LOVE watching your videos.
So pretty. I remember cracking peanuts when I was a kid. Bring back lot of good memories. I still grow little things like onion, garlic! I guess I am a farmer deep down there.
Estou vendo seus vídeos aqui do Brasil ️
Sus vídeos son relajantes, todo lo que hace parece fácil, yo los veo, y parecen un bello cuento, muchas gracias por compartir un poco de su vida 
Ly tu that sinh ra de lam youtup de chuyen cam hung cho nhan loai co ay that tuyet voi nhung luc buon toi hay xem video cua co ay that thu gian cu nhu minh dc tha hon vo do
You are very hard-working!
The video is amazing!
Love  From Bangladesh .
Such an industriast woman it to be truly admired. Not only beautiful but skilled in all manner of arts and crafts.  A true gem 
I have watched this episode twice now Im lovin’ it
Pero que mujer tan trabajadora, mis respetos para ella, saludos desde guerrero México
I love you lizqi ️
Love her videos, she would have more likes and subscribers if she post the recipes . The food looks delicious! They eat healthy no wonder why people from there look so young and beautiful.
U r an INSPIRATION
timelapse make this video so long to make, thats a dedication to bring us an outstanding craftsmanship quality video
Que mulher excepcional. Uma guerreira 
Parabéns
She is amazing together with her beautiful garden! Love from Cape Town South Africa.
好想吃
Half the time I have no clue what she's doing but oh my god I could watch this all day, there so many cool things to do with gardening and cooking :0
I LOVE THIS CHANEL AND IT CONTTENT!
Li ziqi’s elder female cousin  and her husband came to dinner. Ziqi cooked a feast and all of them  seemed to have enjoyed their evening gathering very much.
Какая красота у вас! Процесс приготовления пищи- завораживает.
I have never, in my whole life, seen speckled peanuts. We live and learn
Video chất lượng quá, nhìn thèm mấy đồ ăn chị ấy nấu! Ngưỡng mộ quá! Chúc cho chị nhiều sức khoẻ và kênh thành công hơn nữa! Love you
Admire this girl so much.. wish there's translation of the food and their ingredients...
I wish I could come that your heavenly country some day .
Not anymore  that is a dream!
Therapeutic, beautiful, and everything looked delicious!
What a great lady
Haven't a clue what she's making, ever, but these videos are so heart warming.
I really really love watching your video , 
This kind of life that has many people dreaming for , , simple , but amazing life , I like to live here , forever I have given a chance to live .  Sending my love and support filipino in dubai uae 🇦🇪
these videos are so gorgeous. I would like to spend a day on the farm and follow her like a puppy dog :)
I Like your video
Жаль, что нет субтитров((( в целом все понятно, но было бы интереснее...очень добрые красивые видео, спасибо вам большое( если прочитаете)
WOW, you are amaxing! 哇，你真了不起！
子柒，看到你就是生命力，在英國看著你的八妹，我又是種東西喜歡煮食的人，祝你幸福，健康～love you x
This is the Chinese life I remember, my grand mother took me out to harvest herbs, taught me how to make dumplings (bao Jiaozi), grew mushroom on our own, always a couple of jar of Fermented vegetable at home, western media Villainize China on the daily basic, nobody know most Chinese people are simple artsy and peaceful creatures, we need more recognition for people like liziqi, because simply, she reminded me the childhood life I had with my grand mother.
liziqi inspires everyone who like to work and love health, thank you for so many ideas from your village...long live for your grandma.
Кроме того, солеварня, наверняка исползует чей то труд.
Esta si es una vida de riqueza... Así debería vivir el mundo entero, en armonía con la naturaleza y disfrutar plenamente de todo lo q nos provee , agradeciendo y devolviendo todo lo q nos de cultivando nuevamente y podiendo comer sanamente, sin depender del estado ni un empleo , más q trabajar para nosotros mismo y para el bienestar del mundo.
นึกถึงบรรยากาศบานนอกชนบท ธรรมชาติ มากๆ
She is so determined and focused that anyone can see in her eyes.... Specially in last of the video while aiming....A Perfectionist
I love how she bravely walks around the fields unlike me scared that I'll get bitten by a spider.
She's definitely a real  masters chef
If that food is on my table for dinner, i would cry instantly and then appreciate her for the food....such a heavenly  btw i love my mom she is great cook......hmmm! Yumm! she worked so hard by herself all day. And man, she is innocently beautiful if that’s a thing. Dont know why i said that but she is truely gorgeous. Lot of them show skin but she is an absolute fine woman ... .....her husband is very lucky man.
Como ela consegue cuidar de tudo isso sozinha,nossaaa!!!
TEN KOSZYK NA PLECACH!
Your work is Praise worthy....u sow , u reap then cook..take months of hardwork...& Background music adds grace to ur vdos

This is an example of a real role model.A woman who works hard with grace, perseverance and passion. A rare woman who values simpler things in life rather than flaunt her private parts just to get famous. Salute to you Li. You should be emulated. If I have a daughter, I will teach her to work hard and become like you
Wonderful your videos and the way you cook such beautiful dishes from your gastronomy. I would love to learn from you both in agriculture and how to cook your beautiful dishes. And now you are very beautiful and dear. Hug fromPortugal
Mara illoso estar en la naturaleza..mi felicitación Liziqi
Anyone from India who love to watch her videos 
Ты очень красива и талантлива.Спасибо за такое спокойное,интересное,зачаровывающее кино.Удача будет с тобой всегда.
Love you sooo much sister
She reminds me a lot of my grandma, who was a brave, smart, and hard-working woman from countryside. Miss her.
後半の料理シーンも良いけど、前半の農業してる姿が狂おしいほど好き
Удивляюсь каждый раз этой Золушке, как ладненько у неё все получается
MV rất hay, i like it 
So Beautiful, and a nice garden too!
Iam from Bangladesh. Good job sister
Her friends and family are so lucky. Every day is like a feast for them.
有欢声笑语 有美酒美食 满满的幸福
As a Hoosier from Indiana USA this lady is quite an incredible inspiration!!
Умница,здоровья тебе и твоим близким.
This is a great freedom and self-sufficiency video. Like saying hello to us from outside the system. Love from İstanbul.
️️️
Liziqi's kitchen sound is so satisfying
Can you please translate to English
Это просто круто, вот я мальчик, но она так все это интересно готовила, аж самому захотелось, ещё и палку с пиром бросает как про... за бабушкой присматривает, все на ней! Умничка
Deus faz pessoas, maravilhos para nós  mostra, o quão simples e a vida, porem de sol a sol, vem a força  das nossas mãos, em que bons resultado, quando lançado a semente certa, e espera colher no seu tempo, obrigado por você  existir,  e ser este ser humano que nós  inspira,  ja conhecendo toda sua história. 
Um ou ser humano cá no outro lado do mundo, o sol ai parece florecer a cada dia, mesmo nos dias de inverno.
Admiração e muita vida e paz pra você  e esta vó, que vejo seu amor por ela.
Parabéns. Você  serve de EXEMPLO ao MUNDO
Mulher Maravilha 
Woo.     這比我們台灣的男人還強，現在台灣男人，沒有人做農活包括我也是，   真女強人
She grows so much food, I wonder if she sells some of it, because it seems like it would go to waste otherwise. But she has shure made herself a garden of eden there, and she is certainly 5 star chef quality rated for her creativity in the dishes she makes, they look amazing! I don't know if she does, but she should definitely have children to pass on that wonderful creativity and spirit of hers, as I think she would be a wonderful mother. Maybe adopt some if she doesn't want to get married.
Thank you liziqi
Как же интересно вас смотреть. Такая красивая и умная  девушка
당신의 정성과 공력에 존경을 표 합니다!
Living with an Amazing beautiful lady like you change life to paradise 
She iz very hardworking
I love your videos and don’t listen to people that says you are not good enough for me you are perfect️
I love Chinese culturallllllllll
每天都有吃不完的蔬果，真是令人羨慕！
Какая ты классная, как волшебница из сказки, к таким людям всегда хочется прикоснуться, такой труд, аж стыдно стало за себя.
How could she do a lots of tasks simultaneously without any tiredness on her face.incredible! I wish I could spent my life like this.bt she did a lots of struggle for that.hatss off
Поразительно трудолюбивая женщина. А мне иногда влом до магазина дойти, не то что самой растить себе еду
You have a very overwhelming videos.. it is so relaxing how you do things day by day..
MV rất hay, i like it 
It would be awesome to participate in that experience.
while watching, I become so hungry
I so wish there were English captions! I'd love to know what they're saying.
I live in Thailand, I love to watch your videos.
How nice!!! A lot of hard work but God prospers you.
Cuanta comida pero como que se aguantaron el hambre hasta la cena
A multi talented and beautiful lady in the world is liziqi️️️️️️love from India ️️️️️️
️
She is a super power wonder woman... everything she do it by herself...amazing 
May God blessing her n grandma....n doggies
Li ziqi felicidades por ser una hermosa mujer i por ser un gran ser humano i una gran maestra que enseña ala jente nuestro verdadero deber de algo significativo para la jente i el compromiso con nuestra madre tierra muchas gracias por tus enseñanzas i por ser un gran ser humano .. la mayoría solo estamos destruyendo nuestra madre tierra solo por un montón de mentiras i fantacias que no sirven para nada
Ow my, the chessnuts! LOVE it!!!! 
Good job.
Si pidiera una esposa a la vida sin dudarlo le pediría que fueras tu te mando un abrazo grande desde Chile 🇨🇱️
AWESOME
子柒，妳真的很棒，非常用心，妳是我看過，很多自媒體，最用心的一位，我看妳的視頻已經很久了，今天是第一次留言，我非常欣賞妳，喜歡妳，也心疼妳，我在（台灣）關注妳，支持妳，妳是最棒的，加油
I loved this vdo ....full of hard work ... Can anyone tell me the name of dishes she made  ?
she proves that you don't need money to survive, you just have to live in a good place and using nature alongside with protect the nature itself
You deserve the honesty...🇲🇾️
A lot of credit has to go to the cameraman. This is top-class work.
What's the audio/song title that begins at 9:40 minutes into the video...?
Amazing, im really love it very much 
does she ever get a break?? :O Seems like she's nonstop goin
If anyone could be so kind as to translate the ingredients and what she is doing/mixing into English that would be so appreciated. Just got in from gardening and will more later today and tomorrow.
TUDO lindo divino paraíso
You are amazing️ I love so much
Nice...
Oh God it's amazing ️
ОБОЖАЮ.    ЭТУ.    НЕЗЕМНУЮ.        ФЕЮ  -  ТРУЖЕННИЦУ.....СЧАСТЬЯ.   И.    ЗДОРОВЬЯ.   НА.   ДОЛГИЕ.   ПРЕДОЛГИЕ.     ГОДА.   ЕЙ. ,   БАБУШКЕ.     И.   ВСЕМ.   ЕЕ.   БЛИЗКИМ..... С.  БОЛЬШОЙ.   ЛЮБОВЬЮ.    ЛЮДМИЛА....Р Б
Это просто чудо девушка .Как там восхитительно красиво.
Definition of life ️
Adoro ver seus vídeos
그냥 이렇게 서로.아름다우면 조을것을
I am Vietnamese, the countryside in China is wonderful. I wish I could visit china
I always see liziqi channel
How long does she take to take video for this episode.. I'm so proud of her.. live by her own world..
Praktek dari rasa syukur terlihat jelas dalam pesan video ini, ketenangan dan kedamaian itulah poinnya
I love to see Min Guo ( liziqi's assistant ) has dinner together  with Liziqi n granny.
She looks love liziqi's food so much 
the place is sooooo heaven.....i wish i can go there
I can't understand your language bt I love ur all videos....so so beautiful...love from india🇮🇳🇮🇳

What a talent. What gifted soul. What a delight to watch.
supper video My dear friend.
I love those glasses she’s been using lately! They look like crystals
Beyond Fascinating and Magical! ♡ So beautiful!♡♡♡

(Can't even compare this genuine beauty to Hollywoodoo nonsense).
..that aint (just) hardwork alone.
its more than that...
Its #livin_your_life_to_the_fullest ...
Who doesn’t love her
大爱ヽ(*´з｀*)ﾉ看李子柒的视频，真的好治愈呀！
我愛你李小姐. 
the village scene is magical and looks like a picture of a fairy tale, the village scene is lovely.
Meraviglia ️
I miss my great grandma's cooking now.
姐姐太美了呜呜呜呜呜从b站追到油管
Природа даёт силы позитив и молодость
Kya zindegi hai yr 
Такие красивые тыковки  вы вырастили в этом году. Каждый раз смотрю  и радуюсь. Какая вы молодец.
Me gusta mucho verla como aprovecha todos los recursos que da la tierra con el esfuerzo de ella sola
I wanna live with her really badly it sometimes seems like you can touch the stars there
Liziqi, you're truely Disney Princess in the real life. So gratefull to see how's you life bring us to fell new experience.
It is amazing, that she did it all by herself •-•
I like very much this Chanel
Великолепно!
رائع رائع بتوفيق
I was born in a small village in Vietnam but now I'm living in a big city to do my work. When i watch her video, i feel like i can escape the hustle life, back my home to eat the yummy food my mother cooks. I miss my home, miss the peacefull life. You are an Angel in my heart! 
Thank you sister!
She cooks like 5 star hotel chef..and seems all the food is healthy too
You and your lifestyle just sooo beautiful
fantastic y fantastica  ella     ¡¡¡¡¡
She is indeed an influencer!
She cannot be for real? Wow
I suggest this video to be the video of the year.
From Algeria We love you and thank you for this great film.
PLEASE INCORPORATE  MORE ENGLISH  SUBTITLES  FOR YOUR INTERNATIONAL  COMMUNITY ,  THANKS  IN ADVANCE  
Nothing to say she is really amazing.
犬可愛い
The fusion of art and nation, the sublimation of human nature and nature。There is a famous Chinese saying: the more national, the more global！
I'm love liziqi
子柒辛苦了 南瓜很沉呢。谢谢这么努力的视频！！
Any plant in China; Haha! I am so weird looking/hard to harvest/only growing in high places! Nothing will eat me now!
Liziqi: Hold my home made honey beer.
Привет из Москвы , и как все вы это успеваете делать, ?!! Не понимаю , но завидую вашей силе , выносливости,  и стремлению
She treated earth well so earth treated her well 
It's so beautiful 
Avid fans of Miss Liziqi from the Philippines say Mabuhay ️️️️
What a beautiful video, greetings from Indonesia
Wow so nice..hi sister what's your from...
Как всё вкусно, жалко перевода нет
The garden is so beautiful
Cuanto trabajo y cuánta sabiduría, quien te enseño?
李子柒别那么紧张请休息
Enak banget ngeliatnya serasa sedang berkebun, walaupun aslinya sangat susah sekali berkebun..
This engridians in English also 
I'm from Indonesia, I've always liked your channel, very inspiring ...
Watching you is like meditating 
Love it!
Very nice video.
What a beautiful life.
Saya dari Indonesia, salam
Just one thing why is she so beautiful? Like is it because of living in such a good environment?! Such a multitasker!!
There should be a meaning of each type of food and what ingredients are included
This is a whole new type of therapy and relaxation, the best kind.
I will literally wander all day in the mountains and stargaze all night long. And on my last day on the Earth, i will regret nothing !
Jadi pengen gabung jadi keluarga mereka,, liat vidionya aja suasananya enak bgt
Ooooooh baby we love you sooooo much ,your homeland also beautiful I should come to you one day
Tự dưng muốn về quê, trồng rau và nuôi cá quá
Invítame a trabajar contigo por favor 
Purple rice or black rice is called CHAK-HAO in our language. We make sweet kheer for dessert. 
What a wonderful life!  I want to stay here and be healed
Hard work seems like peanuts when she does it. Respect. Wanna switch lives?! ️
You awesome
все красиво и вкусно
Itu proses ngrekamnya gimana yaaaa......yang dari biji (benih) sampe tumbuh
Души пакой бывают когда пасматру вас 
I love it ️
I just realized that she collects Akebia quinata 木通果after the chestnut . 
I love dude and so appreciate
She’s so good so professional
Saludos
赞子柒，有诗为证：1.甜淡乡音如画景，惊看子柒祖孙影。疑梦仙女飘然降，泪洒人间恩孝情。2.一声婆婆甜乡音，叫碎多少世人心,民间最珍恩情事，富贵名利都烟云。3.富贵缘因恩孝生，婆婆带来名利丰，赤胆忠心憾天地，劳动毅力燃光明。
layak ditonton guna mengedukasi bahwa hidup dengan menjunjung kearifan lokal dan berdamai dengan alam
Why some people even give dislikes ???  I think they are giving dislikes bcoz they can't do what she can...
thích chị này quá vừa xinh đẹp vừa đảm đang lại kiếm tiền giỏi nể phục chị quá !!
李子柒的视频简直就是中国人心目中的世外桃源，有什么不良情绪都能被李子柒的视频捋平心情。 有一种至真至纯的美。
This girl has golden hands.....
my autumn is finished.i always loved autumn air &flower .
Very good
Haven’t seen my sweet Lizqi in a while?  Hope she and granny are doing ok!
Best video I’ve ever seen the Putnam family is grateful.
Просто супер !!!
Greeting from Dayak Borneo #BetangDayakBorneoIndonesia
A TRULY REMARKABLE YOUNG WOMAN, 
Fan Liziqi 
您有一個偉大的婆婆，讓您變得堅強勇敢，賢惠能幹，因為恩情。

很多農耕和烹飪的秘決是婆婆教你的嗎？一個成功的人，背後都有一個人默默的付出一切。

對素食者而言，大自然永遠是生命源源不絕的恩賜，來自馬來西亞祝福。
南無阿彌陀佛
she is my goddess from now on ....
Truly amazing
คริบนี้ยาวดีจังคะ
Tiada hari tanpa produktif.
WOW
She is my idol and make me inspiration and proud where I was born. Not forget where I grow up. Greeting from Thailand.
好利害~連農田也會耕作
Ваши видео мотивируют меня.
Masyaallah
I dream to live your way of living someday... 
GOOD APETITE!
None of those meditation Zen music channels can compete with this one.
Liziqi you are so cute
I would put Liziqi as the most beautiful woman in the world. Its not just for her stunning physical beauty, but also for her wide array of life skills. If I go to heaven, I would ask for someone like her to be with me.
Смотрел бы да смотрел! Как сказку в детстве.
Amazing..... 
สวัสดี  ครับ  
I felt like I'm in paradise 
PRZERWA MAM WAPOITMENT! WRÓCIMY PO POŁUDNIU 4,00?
Природа-Рай!!!  Климат  хороший  все. растет.Это  СЧАСТЬЕ !!!
Ох, какая миленькая девушка фермерша ~
Bagaimana bisa sebuah video dapat membuat saya merasa ada disana dan hembusan angin yang sejuk benar2 nyata.... sangat menenangkan hati
Watching her skill like this, put every man in shame tbh. lol
Que xícara lindas
中國幾千年文化
i love this girl and the way she allows us to see her world
️
should't her film be nominated  in some category for the Oscars?
Me deu apetite rsrsrsrs
Who else been watching 李子柒 Liziqi" for more than a year ? 
Mau banget singgah di rumahnya
Kimchi is a traditional food of Korea.
It's not a traditional food of China.
Not only for KOREAN, Everyone who ever heard about Kimchi will definitely think Kimchi is the traditional food of Korea!
4 years ago, when there was a conflict between countries over the THAAD deployment, the Chinese boycotted pork belly and kimchi in retaliation against South Korea. But now kimchi is from China? Hahaha
Hola como estas oye ya tienes mucho que no subes video no deverias tardar tanto te extr
心中理想的生活莫過如此。平凡的和心愛之人一起寧靜生活著。幸福。
nice and very inspiring
She reminds me of my sister when she was younger. So pretty.
çok hayırlı bi iş için beni havalimanında karşılayabilir misin bizi? bavulları topladım.
Buah yg duri tajam itu dikampung ku ada. Dulu waktu kecil rebus itu rasa kaya ubi tapi lebih enak dari ubi
ŁADNE CZYZBY POLE RYŻOWE NIE? SIEJE! ORZECHY! NIESZAMOWITA METODA? BY ŁATWO KONTROLOWAĆ! POŁOŻONA GAZA!
Happy for her. She look a lot healthier now. She was starting to loose too much weight.
So naturally beautiful from   🇵🇬🇵🇬
والله ابدااااع ماشاء الله
なんて贅沢な暮らしなんだろう
im inlove with her I wish I could find someone like her
Minute 11:20 is TAPE khas bugis
快镜头下，子柒像一个只勤劳的小蜜蜂
ผมชอบคลิปนี้มาก เป็นอะไรที่ลงตัวจริงๆ ชื่นชมครับ love love
This is my dream. living close to the nature
一个人能完成如此艰辛任务太神奇了。
No TV, no tablet, no handphone, no games, no gadget.......this is heaven!
Xem  thích  quá
K es hermoso  quisiera esta aya desde  el otro lado del mundo chile mil vendiciones y cariño muy lindo  chile  gloria m 
energy-efficient•
The next time I have to write an essay on role models, this woman will be my first pick.
Que buena pinta tiene todo
She is indeed a super power woman
李子柒小姐，我爺爺要你給他做飯
It's like Quin Qu from Eternal Love. It's so magical.
wow
She loves nature and nature loves her back
There is no one who can make such hard work look desirable.  Where can I buy a homestead?  I want to check out of the city.
Absolutely wonderfull
讚
喜欢这样子的生活 平平淡淡 安安静静
nice
她真的很認真努力
太美了！
I've been waiting to many days and  almost counting it just because she's not posted any video recently. Thanks to Allah . I keep prayed in my heart if anything bad happened to you and ur grandma. Maybe i think too much. Love u from Malaysia.
Срасибо тебе, и тысячем таким  как ты, теперь я знаю какой это труд, смотрю на тебя и мне кажется ты сверчеловек.
full of positive  energy
nice
อยากเห็นบรรยากาศภายใบบ้านที่ทำเป็นสวน ติดตามมานานแล้วFCเลยย
Salam dari Dayak Kalteng
This lady is a chef/gardener/farmer/carpenter/fashion designer/seamstress/entrepreneur/engineer, lol she does it all!!!
время 3 часа ночи, ДАША СМОТРИТ КАК КИТАЙКА ДЕЛАЕТ ВСЯКИЕ ШТУЧКИ
Does anyone else dislike the fast forward parts? Old videos were so much better... Had so much more mystery and shared an idea of calm and peaceful...
Recent videos became so... Accelerated... Rushed... It took part of the magic that had around her and brought something more... Realistic.
यही मेहनत हमारे देश के किसान भी करते है 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
When you know that everything is a lie but you still watch It because it's relaxing
30 pumpkins for just 2 people a bit overdonme dont you think. Are you saving up food for the apocolypse....where are all the men anyways ? or did you eat them also ?
This woman is a serious one person company machine doing all the physical labour.
Magnifigue :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The iPhone is made in China.
Therefore, Apple is a Chinese brand.
Most of the kimchi is made in China.
That's why Kimchi belongs to China.
What a wonderful idea!! 
Such a genius!!
Lived simple
So peaceful and tranquil
WPROWADŹ INGRYDIENS NIEZNANE —NAZWY! CZY MOŻESZ NAGRAĆ! SWÓJ GŁOS?
Usually I don't watch a whole video without skipping but I couldn't give a single skip in this case. Holly God
Everybody's wearing coats and jackets while Liziqi wears the chinese equilavent of  flip flops.
Fan from indonesia
Miss li looks busy bored n tired lately... harvesting rice, cooking special meals, n making vids altogether must have consumed her energy too much many jealous people also continue to give her hard pressures
Take some rest/ vacation , miss liU look exhausted... WUATB !
The level of inspiration I’m provided with is unreal, she makes me want to work even more harder. Beautiful 
Your videos are so amazing and relaxing with a hardworking life and amazing foods you make it inspires all of us
Where are you from?
i love every video you make! watching before i go to sleep makes me feel so cozy! You and your family are so sweet and pure
Halo i'm from indonesia
I already missed your videos, friend, greetings from El Salvador, a country in Latin America. Happy day.
Estou viciada em seus vídeos, sua avó e linda, você também!!
Such an amazing arrangement of timelapse and content.  Wonderful job!! Beautifully done. Thank you for making these videos.
Call me and get married. I love you!
I really love watching Liziqi's channel cuz i remember my childhood,we use to harvest peanuts in our neighbor and they pay us.
Tell me one thing this girl can't do......?
Whoever dislikes this video is leading a hollow, wretched life.
I just feel so calm every time I watch her videos. And her creativity in her cooking inspires me so much.
Liziqi... You are the best!! Love your shows, such skills and dedication is an inspiration to all
Wishing you the best for the new year.
服了
It feels like a real life with great nature, and peace.
Environment clean •
子柒的影片，每個畫面都呈現中國獨有的美，那是中國文化深厚的底韻，也呈現在中國鄉野生活的人們，所擁有的純樸自然，值得一再欣賞。
Вы умница, спасибо за контент. Смотрю и наслаждаюсь. Хорошо бы было если бы Вы и рецепты публиковали.
"Surround yourself with the better, and you become like the better. " -Me
I want so bad to believe this is real and not just some good camera work for a popular calm channel...
️
Je t'aime
اللهم صل على سيدنا محمد صلاة تحسن بها الأخلاق ..
 وتيسر بها الأرزاق .. 
وتدفع بها المشاق .. 
وتملأ منها الآفاق .. 
وعلى آله وصحبه وسلم صلاة دائمة من يوم خلقت الدنيا .. إلى يوم التلاق .. 
اللهم واسترنا بين يديك يا عزيز يا خلاق.
Long hair  kaise bnaye
李子柒应该获得诺贝尔和平奖，只有中国才能出如此灵秀的女子。她的从容中有一份灵动，恬静中有一份倔强，柔弱的外表下蕴含一种强大的力量，举手投足间有一种神奇的佛性。摄影和剪辑也很厉害，四季变换，万物荣枯都透露着深深的禅意。
How can you do so much work at a time?
She is one of the most talented and hard-working young ladies I have ever seen.
Is she married? Asking for friend....
She is a super woman!
Please reply our comments
生活以勤為先.最强的底氣,不是财富,也不是繁华的别墅,就是这种大自然的生活..而我,可惜生长在另一国的城市,一开门都是高楼大厦,真希望子柒那有民宿可以参觀及亨受你煮的美食.谢谢你的视频讓我也分亨了你的生活及祝奶奶身体安康.
Does she have assistance? She's doing hard work all the time. It is amassing.
好懷念的古早味
이 영상들은, 자본가진 거대한 문화세력이,
 중공을 홍보하기 위한 ᆢ
수단으로 만든게 분명하다.
중공의 농촌은 아름답지 않고 피폐하고 가난한 농촌이지 않은가?
속지 마시라 ㅠ
개인이 만들수 없는 영상들이다.
I think this is where heaven is
李子柒姐姐能不能不加速
Было бы отлично, если бы появились российские субтитры.
Meski saya tidak faham bahasanya,tapi saya langsung jatuh cinta sama Chanel ini.
Gambaran wanita cantik,cerdas,lembut,rajin,dan mandiri.. Beruntung laki"yang jadi suaminya.
拍摄很细腻，看一整天烦恼都没有了
Every laughter  and smile of her grandma is so priceless
This. Is. Just. Beautiful. No words to add! Liziqi, you are the person brings peace to this world! =)
Her video makes my mind feel calm
I love her cooking. That's a lot of food!
Gorgeous  !!!
Beautiful  Springfield  Summer  days  Fall Winter break. .....
您好，我來自墨西哥🇲🇽南瓜子洗淨，讓它們在陽光下乾燥，然後將它們放入鍋中加鹽，它們不喜歡非常美味
Ótimo vídeo ️🇧🇷
It is so precious, i would trade half of my life to eat her hand made food
Liziqi please marry me ..but ofcourse why would she? 
This restores hope for humanity and nature 

As a man it's hard not to fall in love with this beautiful woman!
Спасибо! Это просто волшебство! Ваш мир прекрасен!
Apaixonada com seu imenso Jardim flores maravilhosa lindo parabéns
I dont understand to those who dislike this video , there is no vandalisme, pornograph and others bad things ...
Why...?? 
Can you do better or the same like her ?
If there is some mistake in this video ,such as video technical, compersation ,shoot angle, or else, ...it just only common mistake that everybody could do the same or worst....nobody is perfect,isn't it?
Hi Liziqi! I love your Youtube videos! I have watched every single one. Every time you upload a new video, I watch it right away. I know you like to keep your personal life private, and it adds to the mystery of you and your channel. But I hope that one day we can see a video of you talking to us, even if it's just a little bit!
Họ trồng lúa hay nhỉ k cày k xới cứ thế cắm xuống hay thật
19:10 OMG FINALLY SOMETHING I CAN MAKE 
Wow such a hard worker and very talented, lovely to see working so connected to nature and wonderful food.
Who else been watching " Liziqi " for more than a year? 

Watching her channel for the first time. And this is the third video. I thought okay I will watch one and will add to watch later. Never thought that I'll get addicted to this.
Love from india, Kerala ️
Imagine how much effort, time, and energy she exert in making these videos.
Boa tarde amo seus vídeos
Liziqi helps me find peace during the pandemic and the video even helps me study! I use it as my study background music.
Like how does one even learn all of the information it took to make this meal!?!
I’m guessing that the reason she is now using so many accelerated scenes is because there were sooo many people in China question her by saying she didn’t do all of the work by herself and she was just acting out few scenes and recorded to show us. And some other people also said she was too pretty to be a hard worker. That’s totally bull shits and never ever judge a woman by looking at her appearance!!! Be respectful plz!!!
She is gorgeous talented girl amazing food amazing cooking style love it
For some beautiful reasons, Liziqi's videos are very soothing and comforting. ️
Me fascina verte eres una exelente cosinera .,
Such a beautiful garden 
Your cooking skills very nice.🇵🇷
The way she does make it look so easy but when we do bro it's hard
Que joven tan bendita aprovechando su juventud le admiro! ¡ Y felicito
Фантастическая еда , а стаканы просто не реальные
i watch from start till finish, just wow more fun and make me so calm
Perfeição!
You are so sweet and your Grandma also so cute like you
She has to be one of the most influential women in Time magazine
Você é muito especial e linda também ! Congratulations !!!
I only want to say her 'future' husband is so lucky...
she's millionare yet she choose a simple life i really admire her for that.i love the way she took care of her grandma the way she look at her grandma you can see that she love her so muchbtw im one of your biggest fan here in Philippines ️
It is really impressive, watching you do this things. Cooking for you and your grandmother. Building these things, only with historic and easy tools and using what the nature is spending to you. This way of live is very impressive. You will do anything for your grandmother, building shoes and a sleeping pad, and some more.
I hope, you can do that for a long time. Helping Your grandmother makes her happy again. She must love you so much for doing all these things for her.
You're so inspiring
Hi my name Francis what's your name I have been watching your video everything you do are very impressive you plant , build , you cook and you can really cook and i see you can survive anywhere and everywhere i am from the Cook Island the island called Mauke
Wow  it is so impressive  and beautiful village, garden,   , and she is very creative living in the pure simple Ecoworld  brought back my childhood memories  thank you so much for sharing     love from Australia 🇦🇺
Love from srilanka 
For those who disliked the video
Please show us your life, we can make a judgement on it.
Выращивают рис, арахис и тыкву.здорово!!!очень трудолюбивая девушка. Еще и каштаны собирает в лесу.интересно жить в деревне.
Universo encantado!!!
这才是弘扬中华文化的典范！！
me encanta tus videos 
Love it from 🇮🇩
where is she get all that HUGE ENERGY??
Que hermoso es verte, sabes los tiempos de todo, manos de diosa!
É um colírio para meus olhos esses vídeos amo todos
i wish there was captions
Greeting from Greece and wishes for a happy new year!
I have a question: in most of your videos you use a small pot like in 19:33. What do you use to light the fire under it? It is wood or another combustible material and what is the material of this beautiful utensil? Thank you! My father and I adore your videos!
This gives me studio Ghibli vibes️️️
Wow amazing ️️️ from Indonesia
Nossa estou impressionado, muita beleza, carinho e amor no vídeo.
nothing to say..she is just perfect as a girl
Amo esse canal. 
Minha única queixa é a música eu acabo as vezes dormindo. Muita paz e tranquilidade.
This is life that i ever wanted to be,living in this beautiful garden,maybe its only in my dreams️
น่ารักจัง
Esto es maravilloso
I enjoy your video alot thanks
秋のご馳走がたくさん！！食欲旺盛な自分は栗ご飯と焼き秋刀魚、オーブンで焼き芋、アップルパイ作りました。が、これで精一杯。李子柒さんの作る豪華なご飯、食べてみたい！
今日も疲れて心身クタクタでしたが、温かな団欒と素敵な映像で心が回復しました寒くなってきましたが、身体に気を付けて過ごして下さい！
Absolutely delicious recipes!
This discipline of life, astuteness to details, witchcraft combinatory skills; is godly. Beyond the pleasantries that meets the eye here, your daily execution of things is an impeccable understanding of gardening, ingredients, cuisine, scheduling, management, genuine care and affability in tandem.

I know you won't come to to this comment for the read but I just wanted to let you know that I was here and i "CARED" ma'am ! ️
If I didn't understand the Korean language I like to see this channel it channel is very interesting
This series is so beautiful. 
Hai...i wait for your harvesting invitiation
您好，我叫nurgül，我又愛又喜歡地看了您所有的視頻，我是您的粉絲，我是從翻譯程序中寫的。
Please be safe during this time and my thoughts and prayers for you and your family
Lastima que no esta traducido al español, me encanta todo lo que hace
I really like your channel
She literally has every single thing that she needs for her recipe.
Virtual hugs to Liziqi and to the viewers
Hard work 
Cooking 
Nature 
Presentation 
Liziqi 
Peace 
Happiness 
Plastic 
Fake 
Haters ( I guess)
Quisiera entender lo q dice me encantaría mucho gracias
The fact that I have almost no clue about what she's doing here shows how trapped I am in modern civilization.
So delicious! Why can you cook everything?! you are exquixite talent girl :)
She lives like a mile from other houses she doesn't have to wear a mask when she goes out lel
Wow The purple rice sparked my interest.  
Theirs a supplement in Nz called Pxp Royale made from purple rice.
I'm so glad I watched this. What gorgeous looking food. Made with so much love. 
I'm international follow from Nz. Your food looks delicious.  Loved the game at the end. Very cool. Much love from Nz. 
Awesome tradition 
I love this life lhope no war in the world only peace.
Мне очень понравился этот канал , можно сказать любовь с первого взгляда !
Прекрасная съёмка , успокаивающая музыка и что самая главная это классная девушка ,
она и хозяйственная и красавица с модельной внешности ( у меня именно такие ощущения ) 
Всем советую смотреть её видосики и брать с нё пример как женщинам так и особенно мужчинам !
So gorgeous women ️
who else is watching this while lying on their bed and relaxing.
Your videos just make me so happy and peaceful.
you make so many amazing harvests! what do you do with all the food?
So amazing girl
I can watch your videos forever and never get bored. Chinese culture is very rich , unique and amazing.
Che meravigliosa donna, starei ore a guardarti.
Fun fact : Many people are 

1. Watching this lying on the bed
2. Scrolling/reading comments
3.feeling the natural scenery
Quanta riqueza na cultura deste povo, de qual país são?
I think this place its the most close to paradise ,they have everything they need right on patio , its just amazing
Great Woman 
Это так восхитительно 
Одним словом Завариживающе
I love your chanel and i like your all food
I will name my child Liziqui...
When i will become a mother
P.z: i'm 18
What a beautiful feast!  Looks totally yummy.
Where does she get her energy? I’m exhausted after making a cup of coffee and toasting some bread.
Love your videos and channel!! 
You are such a hard working woman i haven't ever seen .  more love from india ️
Nice 
Im addicted to this videos, I’m in aw with this woman, wow, the most beautiful food I’ve ever seen, I wish I was there! Wow
beautiful life
工作量如此之大，她该怎么做？我太佩服她了。
The range of knowledge she has is extraordinary. I'm a new fan.🇨🇦
Liziqi is a beautiful woman, always smiling, very clean️, hard working️, rarely talks, good gardener, good cook and a carying grand-daughter️. She's a real wonder Woman️! In brief, Liziqi is the woman that every man wants to have! Best regards from Algeria!

Hola amiga es tan hermoso lo que haces felicidades..
Amazing
Is it "liziqi" whom we like or the "mother nature" whom we love?
Human resilience is absolutely amazing!!  We can concur anything put twords ! Life. Bring it!!
You are soo calm and hard working.i love to watch you.
Wonderful
Essa comida deve estar uma delícia
手巧
有点似湖南菜
I click "like"  button before watching. 
Is there someone else like me? 
What a life style
Wow, so many people are waiting for the monthly anti- depression and anti- stress program.
Beautiful and peaceful life.Hardworking lady.
Esta mujer tiene una bendición en sus manos enormes todo lo que siembra cosecha
awesome video
Gordon Ramsey/Jamie Oliver: I know almost everything about cooking 

Liziqi: Hold my garden 
️
I personally don't like the fast forward camera... I know Ziqi wants to show haters that she truly did all the work, but she really doesn't have to care about those people... Haters always gonna hate
Sooo relaxing to watch!
Wtf... Esto parece de película, quedé maravillada
Amazing...like fairy tale
Everything is very neat, detail. very calm and beautiful
Wahh.. nice one!
Mantap ...偉大的
How can she do all things by herself? I cant imagine how tired she is
Красавица и умница 
I seriously needed to know what to do with those nuts. I bought them solely to experiment and have just stared in paralyzed fright. This was a welcomed surprise!
Your  video makes me wanna watch ancient Chinese drama
Es un placer verte hacer todo lo que hagas!!!!  te veo desde Argentina.

Only that much of like..she deserve more like guys..
 хотелось бы попробовать всё Что она готовит.
李子柒太能干了，和广大农村妇女一样，但是却更有情趣和诗意
il y aura toujours des jaloux et profiteurs de vos vidéos et de votre vie, mais il y aura toujours plus d'admirateurs aussi, restez vous-même et continuer votre chemin, nous vous aimons comme vous êtes .
amazing, desa yg indah, & gadis yg ulet
️
WOW  SO BEAUTIFUL LOTS OF HARD WORK  BUT IT PAYS OFF AT THE END  ENJOYING ALL THAT DELICIOUS  FOOD  NICE FRESH AIR WITH YOUR FAMILY ENJOYING WHAT MOTHER NATURE GAVE YOU DELICIOUS VEGETABLES ENJOY YOUR FAMILY STAY SAFE AND CONNECTED AND GOD BLESS EVERYONE 
I love u liziqi you are truly God 's child very industrious girl,hardworking so calm may you gain rich blessings Spiritualy from above our creator do you know or discover Him now??? Who was that Soveriegn God that make you so content & joy all the time of ur life my dear young lady,do u recognize d One who inspire you to do huge wonderful job u achieves right now? Please ask mr. Dictionay most of all d holy God's wird the Bible. Ok
Marrying this woman, is better than any lottery prize 

Aqui no Brasil, mulheres assim são muito raras!!
For Some people it’s just a dream to live in such a beautiful place and to eat organic food.
God bless you 
Another level of satisfying ️
I admirebu much my dear. Besides you are so beautiful!!
восхищаюсь настоящая принцесса труженица дай здоровья!!!
No glue and borax slime recipe?! 
Beautiful~
Estoy facinada como toda semilla es sembrada  y cosechada q cultura mas bella quisiera saber  cosechar así
I can sit all day watching her videos.
I wish I could understand what are they talking together in all those videos she makes
I’d love to meet her a spend a day living her life

I was hoping she would cut the weird shaped red pumpkin. The guests were really helpful. Now I am embarrassed of myself. Me as a guest, only aiming for the food and avoid all interaction 
Thật sự ngưỡng mộ và rất thích cuộc sống yên bình cùng thiên nhiên cũng như sự hăng say lao động đam mê và yêu thích ,rất giỏi và rất đẹp, ai là ck cô gái này chắc hẳn sẽ là người hạnh phúc nhất thế giới, một cô gái rất đẹp trong lao động , yêu thương động vật, hiếu thuận chăm sóc bà ngoại, 
I m living in japan tokyo for last 3 years so I can make enough money and buy a land Pursue this kind of life.
大师级的纪录片。每次看子柒的视频都会感动到哭。
Picked vegetables was documented in ancient documents SHIJING, WHICH STATED 3000 YEAR AGO. .
SHIJING IS The Classic of Poetry contains the oldest chronologically authenticated Chinese poems.[1] The majority of the Odes date to the Western Zhou period (1046–771 BC), and were drawn from around 15 kingdoms, those which were mainly provinces and cities in the Zhongyuan area.
Nice video
Amo essa Deusa

This is the way we supposed to live. 

Imagine what we have lost in the "civilized world"
Wauw I can't really believe someone like this is real. Its like straight out of a book.
Великолепная работа оператора. Ну а главная героиня достойна, что бы ею любовались.
I would love to marry a woman like her
Гармония, красота, любовь.
I️u liziqi
I want to know why these 4.2k haters have come to this earth. They are disgrace to mankind. Liziqi, you are a true inspiration.
Hermoso 
Eres quimica, biologa y de todo!
拍得太艺术了一点，缺少农村生活气息，现实农村生活不是这样的
That looks delicious!
I thought YouTube is banned in China??? Liziqi will probably makes more money as a YouTuber than living in the countryside. Lol
Youtube is being really brave with those unskippable ads.
This video made my days rilex, and healing 
The moment I saw the Red Spider Lily, I literally said “NO NOT TODAY NAH UH”
My! You are teaching us how to survive in this crazy world. What a peaceful and satisfying world you live in. How I wish I live in your world now.
Слов нет!!!! Девочка умница!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your the great woman
Какая красота , смотришь и отдыхаешь.
Adorable
I often think about what she would have eaten in today's dinner

Pure, clean, fresh and healthy way of life.
QUE MUJER TAN HERMOSA Y TRABAJADORA
Does anyone know why is she covering the peanuts? Is it to retain moisture, or for something else?
把生活拍成艺术，真的是一种境界！
Apu tomaka na amar onak valo laga️ tomi hoe to amar kotha bujbana
Instead of music can u explain what u r doing I know I'm not only one who  is clueless. PS is grandmother still with us? She has a fan club because she is so sweet and your recipes come from her
Liziqi u r so special 
Искусство жить!!!
I want to live like this🇰🇭
Готовит- готовит, а куда все это?
How peaceful and beautiful the village
Làm rẩy,cuốc giồng,lên líp rẩy giỏi quá
Se você tirou 1 segundo para ler esse pequeno comentário Jesus te ama e que ele te proteja de todo o mal.  Amém!️️️
You're so talented! Show your Chinese pride! Don't steal Korean kimchi!
Just like someone said ,nothing worth having comes easily.
Chinese claim that because the main ingredients of cabbage, radish and so on are the same, kimchi in Korea and Pao cai in China are the same.  But you need to check this below.

For example, such as Dim sum and dumplings (called MANDU in Korea), Pizza and Pancakes, each has its own recipes and stories, and the time and efforts of the ancestors who have inherited them and so they each are different. 

It is history and culture to inherit in everyday life of the nation for a long time. Chinese you guys don't know the subtle difference, so you keep screaming “Kimchi is ours”. However, it is clear that Chinese Pao Cai and Korean kimchi have a different name, seasoning, and recipe itself.

It can prove more clearly by checking Korean Kimchi adopted as world standard from Codex (International Food Standards Committee) and ISO number is also different.   

Please Stop insisting anymore. 

You guys should know that Koreans like Chinese cuisine like Jajangmyeon, so we inherited it with a Korean own recipe in S. Korea for a long time. But the cuisine is sold at Chinese restaurant with calling a  Chinese cuisine.     

In other words, Koreans respect and protect food originating in China as their own food. Even if we transform it into our own recipe and have eaten it for a long time…

We have each respectable culture as each nation.
Какая она трудолюбивая и рука у нее лёгкая,все проростает же
Heavy work beatiful and sweet and cute miss i have watch all your vedio
Why would anyone dislike this? She is amazing, this channel is wonderful, who are these haters?
you remind me of my grandma
When YouTube’s advertisement pops up in a liziqi video, you realize what a pathetic world we live in lol
This channel is almost too good to be true.
I would kill to have a kitchen like that.
If I Married  U than I will Take Care to You Everytime I LV  Your Work and Management Everything is Perfect  Keep it up 
Đã đẹp gái, mà giỏi cái gì cũng làm được, quả là một nhân tài

these are the 1 in a million special woman. Only God knows what man would receive this gift of a woman.
Addicted love from keralai think this farm is the heven in this world.. i wanna visit it
i want her to be my teacher so i can learn everything she knows...

很适合肝论文的时候放在旁边看，放松心情～谢谢～
Very hard working girl
When the zombie apocalypse comes, I'm heading to Liziqi's place.
Toàn những video chất lượng 
Amazing Girl
It's glad to see her fun side 
Просто сказочное чудо а не девушка. Не могу насмотреться.
️
Such beauty in nature
if there are any seeds  for gardening you do not have i can send you some heirloom ones . i keep my own antique tractors and seeds for gardening .
It's sad she feels obligated to add the timelapse scene because people still keep saying she's just a hired model for the videos
Bạn là người phụ nữ thật tuyệt vời 
Beautiful video!
Love from Pakistan
You are an angel️️️.
Your big fan from morroco
ഇവരുടെ വീഡിയോ കാണാൻ അങ്ങ് INDIA യിൽ നിന്നും ഞാൻ മാത്രമേ ഉള്ളോ 
Looking like mulan climbing trees beautifully ️️️
GREETINGS FROM PERU 
Yang nana itu lo cantik orangnya🇲🇨️
Such a Super girl!
പൊളി 
I want ti visit her farm. Her farm is like a market.
Amazing girl 
Beside her being a heroine...she is sooo pretty
Very inspiring.
Cuộc sống đáng mơ ước♡
️
Una obra de arte.

я даже узнала наши огурцы и каштаны, это уже что то)) а вот что за заморская крупа (похожая на рис) так и не поняла...
Wow..! You're a rock!
Очень много кладет перца чили.это слишком острая пища.у нас конечно таких экзотических  фруктов нет.свинину не едим.а компот из лепестков роз вкусный приготовила.мы каркаде чай любим пить.
Đẹp và giỏi lắm
I live this series. I will miss it 
I Like Your Idea.
She’s probably filming for winter rn
Beautiful  
nature heals you 

Liziqi an example of a perfect women realy
I wish I can understand what they are saying
Nice 
视频特别治愈，加油子柒。
每天都期待着您的视频，希望您身体健康，可以制作许多新视频。 爱你️
A man can live with a woman of such character for eternity...
Multitalented personality god bless you dear
Bello.y.linda.cultura.gastronomia.ni.hablar
서예  음식  가구제작 농사   한약
벼루와  붓  ㆍ먹 등등
못하는게 없어
사랑스런 아가씨

Inspired by this I have started organic farming at home... thankyou Liziqi
Perfect 
Another beautiful video.
Chinese creativeness.
beautiful. stunning.
thank you
น่ารัก..thailand
虽然平凡，但却很快乐的生活，这才是美好的人生
Mind relaxing 
Beautiful 
Nice
She is definitely going to heaven
Parece el paraiso
She always has enough of every thing she needs in her own home. Beautiful life and beautiful family. The food she cooks and the art that goes into is just beautiful. 
I bet every single bite is so delicious right down to the beautiful color drink and glasses.
ชอบมากๆ เธอเป็นผู้หญิงที่เก่งมากๆ
Amazing!!! Love the serenity of the music, the progression of growing food and how it is made... but most of all, how she takes care of her Grandma...
Wowww she has prepared delicious dish curry
นี่คือความสุขที่แท้จริงครับเราสามารถทำมันได้...ชอบมากและติดตามครับ
Istri idaman 
Wonderful job
I use the lens to record the most authentic China
I'm at a loss for words, she works so hard. it's an honor to witness another cultures way of life, so much to do yet I sense a peacefulness behind everything she does, thank you for posting these videos Liziqi.
هذه هي الحياة الحقيقه الغير مزيفه السعاده والانسجام 
There are no side dishes spiced with red sauce,such as red pepper paste, in China.
Kimchi is KOREAN FOOD, not Chinese traditional food.

중국에는 고추장과 같은 빨간 소스(양념) 곁들인 반찬이 없다.
김치는 한국의 음식이지 중국의 전통음식이 아니다.

中国没有红辣椒酱等调味酱的副食品。
泡菜不是中国传统食品,而是韩国料理。
The real woman is here 
Beautiful
This is too much long for make this video....maybe time to make it 3 moon
What would I give to spend a week with you and learning lots of things! 
仙女般的女孩 
开心的吃，蒙蒙的醉了
plz do write things in English
А вот тыкву надо начинять либо мясом либо сладостями или в композиции!!!!!!!! Тыква сама по себе сладость если с мёдом и молоком!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You have visitors are they ur relatives? Nice.
Because the music is so soothing, and the filming so beautifully edited. It is easy to forget how hard you worked over many, many months to provide a 22 min video. You make it look almost effortless when it is far from so.
Very nice program
Action speak louder than words.
We don't understand what they are speaking but we don't want to miss even a seconds of what she has been speaking and preparing
this is so relaxing.
She’s badass in my book.
Every morning Garden of Eden created  !!! ( ? )
Beautiful  EVE의  자연을 닮은 24절기  삶의 방식..........
Видел что Вы тост по Русски научились говорить!!!! Браво!!!!!!
Kieu co cach ca lam chi da bo cach thit ga ho .sao kh khuoi  ho
She has an excellent food presentation. Very detailed, neat yet organic. Something that is served in a high end restaurant.
Very happy family
เผื่อจะได้แต่ละคลิบยอมใจค่ะ 
คือตั้งแต่ปลูกจนเก็บสุดมากติดตามตลอดค่ะ
They said  Liziqi
Amiga eres muy  ágil. Que dios t cuide..mucho
Is there anything left which Chinese don't eat
É tão bom ver isso... Tão relaxante, a filmagem, o ambiente, o cuidado dela
Cantik, bisa segalanya,.. 
奶奶看着可爱的孙女会心的笑了
Form sir lanka 

Hey lizi why don't u upload videos
丁寧なあなたの暮らしを見ているだけで心が癒されます
So peaceful
Не отказалась бы так месяц пожить, среди такой шикарной природы
Ты просто прелесть
সুন্দর 🇧🇩
Wow
Насилу дождалась нового видео!!!
Скучаю без этой милой и очень обаятельной молодой женщины!
I am glad the industrial revolution 2.0 had reached her live. No wonder 4.0 will be not far away.
Ngay mai em kieu chu em mua muc xao hua leo di em .an cho no mat nghe em yeu oi
I'm building my island on animal crossing in your honor miss liziqi, 
you helped me so much your videos are medicine for my mind!
Thank you for make peaceful videos 
B giỏi quá
看哭了
I laughed out loud when they laughed. Thank you for bring us peace and joy.
Liziqi kau bikin video sendirian atau ada temennya sih?
Atau ada tim nya?

这影片因该是在中秋节日，虽然影片来晚但愿祝李子柒和家人还有大家中秋节快乐。

This footage should be in mid-autumn day, although the footage came a bit late but still wish liziqi, her family and everyone happy mid-autumn festival.
If you want to know the biggest secret in the world, please use a search engine to search for the following three website names. 
1）END CCP     2) FALUN DAFA       3）en.minghui
A common sense that any civilized country under the rule of law understands: how can a country’s army be raised by the people to serve an illegal, non-popular organization? When the ruling class takes control of the knife and serves itself, then the ruled class is nothing more than a bunch of poor leeks or poor fish on the chopping board. What is also terrifying is that Leek actually has the ruling class thoughts to protect the ruling class.世界上任何一個文明法治國家都明白的一個常識：一個國家的軍隊是百姓養的，怎能服務于某個非法非民選的組織呢。當統治階級掌控了刀把子服務于自己，那麼被統治階級不過是一群可憐韭菜或者案板上的可憐魚肉。同樣可怕的是韭菜居然有了統治階級的思想進而維護統治階級。

我們鄭重聲明：所有參加過共產黨與共產黨其它組織的 (被邪惡打上獸的印記的)人，趕快退出，抹去邪惡的印記。這個邪惡的黨（魔教）在歷史上卻對眾生、對神佛犯下了滔天大罪，神一定要清算這個惡魔。一旦誰對這個魔教清算時，大紀元儲存的記錄可以為聲明退出共產黨和共產黨其它組織的人作證。天網恢恢，善惡分明；苦海有邊，生死一念。曾被歷史上最邪惡的魔教所欺騙的人，曾被邪惡打上獸的印記的人，請抓住這稍縱即逝的良機！
方法一：到大紀元網站右上角的退黨區退黨團隊。
方法二：用化名寫上自願退出中共黨團隊組織並張貼在合法公共場所區域。
請告訴您在中國大陸的一些朋友:
短波收音機在6～8MHz這個頻段就可以收聽到希望之聲24小時的華語廣播。
99QQQQQQq99990043263784837
การกินไ่ม่รุ้จักประหยัดอดออมฟุ่มเฟือยหายากยังไม่ประหยัดพออิ่มกินเท่าไรไม่รุ้จักพอ
Her video gave such a simplicity of life, organic,  peacefulness, creative and beauty.
心灵手巧李子柒
Aoa plz explain iin english
Сколько же у нее сил, это просто поражает
Hoi nay co an lau thit bo kg em
Omg the foods.  It is a food from hardwork, effort and love.. Omg looks so delicious. Loveyou girl ♡
Где это какая страна
What a woman..
Liziqi is AMAZING,wish I had life like Liziqi,. All that hard work she puts into what she does...wonderful.I admit we all could do with some of her world,but some of us live in cities where none is possible.I truly love Liziqi lifestyle.wish her a most wonderful time with her grandmother..🇮🇲🇮🇲
thk you liziqi xixi
She's a proverbs 31 woman
Such a bundle of JOY , a truly beautiful Liziqi. 
I so love to see her concentration when doing everything .
Liziqi  this is one man that truly loves you    .
Hardwork
南無阿彌陀佛
She's like a Maiden in a rural village living a simple traditional life. Or I may say,  a collaboration of both Ancient and Modern times. So beautiful to watch since we knew, dat it is really her way of life. 
yumi
9:13 hoa bỉ ngạn
14:48 
OH MY GOD!! Lizqi can have my entire fricking heart!!!!
moments like these live in my head rent free
I will come to your house?️
i love you
I couldn’t care less whether it’s real or not. These videos r so enjoyable and educational at the same time. It even humbles me when I watch.
Hiiii  liziqi
Yanu wine kerajing nga nde...
11:13 oh,,that fermented black glutinous rice, we called it "ta-pé" in Indonesian. Greetings from Indonesia🇮🇩
Hope you all have a wonderful life 
Who help zi qi record vd?
nice video.
the place is awesome,looks relaxed and plesent.
many plants and greens.
the way u taking care on ur pet ,
the way u taking care on the plants,
the way u taking care on ur granny is  makes me cry.
haters didn't see ur hardwork, care and fellings.
who else things its true hit a like.
不知道 子七 是那裡人
Nlzlpil
She is literally a super human like how does she do all of that in one day i am shocked masha alah ️
รู้ไทยด้วยหลอ
Wondergirl...
 else love to watch her when ever they are feeling stress so they can relax with her videos 
goof job
有丁真纯真吗
This lady is awesome, I must tell you...beyond imagination, great.....love from india️
Have you Instagram........
Who is she old mom
Can we appreciate the person behind the camera too? He is just as incredible as liziqi
ı am ıf only to be farmer ,not  no read school
Good girl ha ha
大変そうだけど、幸せそうで。そういう人ってやっぱり美しいですね。自然のなかでおばあさまや動物たちとお仕事されているのが羨ましい...️ 毎日お疲れ様です。腰など大事にされてくださいね！
ไอ้มอไซ เข้า
SISISISISI
Liziqi️
A girl with preety face, creative skills,nature lover, cooking art, loving heart,etc...
هدى تقش جنة ارواع مارية في حياتي
Восхищена природой,главное,чудесной трудолюбивой девушкой.Каа ловко у нее все получается.Залюбуешься,глаз не оторвать!
Jadikan aku suamimu

A quién más le gustaría vivir en un lugar así??? 
Puedesablarespanolporquenoteentiendonilasketras
Anyone from India
台灣應該沒有像妳李子柒長得溫文儒雅賢淑又賢慧的女人了、妳真的超棒！好老婆典範！
! FREE HONG KONG - ! - FREE UIGHUR - ! - SAVE MYANMAR !
Bikin aer tape
She's like inspiring me to be a farm worker because I have a farm lot and Since honestly Her work is so peaceful and I guess I want to plant some fruit trees too at our field. God bless everyone have a nice day! Everyone hope ya'll doing fine in this pandemic
Hayat
空前的災難和毀滅臨近了！瘟疫、戰爭、飢荒和其它災禍正如飛而來！我們應當悔改！

箴言 11:4 發怒的日子，資財無益；惟有公義能救人脫離死亡。

詩篇 96:5 外邦的神都屬虛無，惟獨耶和華創造諸天。

我們世人不要倚靠自己虛無的錢財和虛空的智慧，而應離棄惡道、遠避虛謊，歸向那創造天、地、海和其中萬物的永生　神，祂乃是可稱頌的，從亙古直到永遠！
Oh my goodness, the super cute oven at 12:42!! At first I thought it's a Totoro oven, but probably it's not. It's probably a Chinese figure/character which I don't know. Maybe a panda or bear? But I really wish I had an oven like that! And I wish I had a garden where I could put the oven. These videos are like relaxing therapy. Despite that she workes so very hard. I feel very relaxed and happy while watching, wishing I could do the same work, and that I was just as skilled, talented and knowledgeable as this amazing girl.
โพสไป   ที่นี่  บางบัวทอง  นนท์   ไทยแลนน์  โพสไปให้ทุกที่
真的很假
Hay off for this woman. Cuanto trabajo lleva hacer todo esto, desde sembra, cosechar, cocinar, y tener el conocimiento que ella tiene , cuanto no daría por saber un poco de lo que ella sabe.... Mi admiración más sincera para esta muchacha..... Linzi keep up the good work.....
research
10.10.10
19:50 The round purple rice cakes with flowers of Osmanthus Fragrans are so perfectly nice!
Horas I to,sai sukses ma ateh
Can you imagine an invite to the home? Such talent, inspired.
Please dear put some english subtitles because I love your recipes and your style to manage with all type of fruits, veggies.. I m from India but i also try some of your recipes so please if you comfortable please put eng subtitles whitch you use in your recipes...
One of my most favorite channel in the world 
I knew about the purple rice when I was in the university in Xian,  know the purple rice were from Hanzhong, a district near Xian, in between Shanxi and Sichuan province. A beautiful place
I love you now I'm amaze I want to watch all your video I feel like I wanna leave also in farm and cook good food you are inspiration. God bless more videos
from Brazil!🇧🇷
Multi talented person. MashaAllah. U DO EVERYTHING WITH INTERNET THAT REALLY INSPIRES US. From Pakistan 
wait....peanuts come in a striped variety?! i never knew that!!!!
你有超级花园和美味的烹饪 这是你在 youtube 上最好的朋友
佳佳...多美的名呀人美性情也美真是天性使然完全不做作，妳的孝順、知足、惜福、感恩...一切一切都是良善的演示，溫、良、恭、儉、讓非妳莫屬！吃得苦苦方為人上人...真正的把中華文化之美給實實在在地做出來好樣的！
I am an Indian, I love your cooking I want to eat, but I don't have ingredients In our place 
你真的是一个坚强的女人 像你这样美丽的女人很少见 我真的很感激你所做的 我来自印度尼西亚 我真的很喜欢你
You and your grandmother look like the happiest people, living in a world free of it's  troubles. Thank you for sharing and happy autumn. Stay safe.
️
I like Liziqi so much, Fans from Philippines
kobieta idealna:)
I wish i had a house like hers where you can just pick this and that and they are organicccc its like a magical placeeee
I liked their utensils very much..all made of wood or some natural product.
I like the utensils of Liziqi
This lady is multi talented.. n the camera guy is amazing.... Whatever they eat is all organic.. reason for her prettiness...
at meals you have me with a mouth full of saliva, I only want two things in life, to meet you in person and eat 3 dishes of yours, you are a love
I always take my food with tiny flowers on top of it. No other way to eat.
She's making "tape ketan"....OMG!!!!!! That drink is so nice!!!!!
Beautiful vegetable
甜酒曲　is dry yeast.　She made sake (rice wine), simply amazing.
I love liziqi channal 
From India 
How does she still look fresh after doing all that work?
Now that is what I call a entrepreneur Chef and unique.
Love you so much liziqi....From india #hugefan
Amazing skill and beauty
山美水美子柒更美！希望日后也能过上这远离城市喧嚣的田园生活！
I'm from Arunachal Pradesh very very near to china . My grandma also live like this 
O que dizer, ela não é desse mundo
I wanna live this place i really like the nature and the fresh air
Wow Super ️️
Love her style. Anyone like me?
晚上好，我來自巴西我已經很長時間了解您的頻道了...我不會說，也不會用您的語言寫，但是我非常敬佩。 在通過一個中國人和一個巴西人談論他們的歷史的渠道了解了一些歷史之後，我開始更加喜歡它。 您的才華，心血來潮……以及您所生活的美麗之地，對您有很大幫助！ 當然，這一定是您親朋好友的驕傲，您的祖父會對這個美麗的孫女感到非常滿意……！ 祝賀您所做的美麗工作，您是一位美麗的女人！
Debería sub titular al español con esa lengua o ideoma tienen casi a todo un continentes..
Beautiful life
She has an absolutely wonderful climate- seems to be warm temperate - sub-tropics, with reliable rain. But boy is her soil heavy....I loved the family-sized combine. Wish we had that here in Brazil.
She is so hardworking man she is so hardworking
Quão grande é o amor manifesto através desta alma preciosa...
14:54 My is asking "is she picking her pocket?"
i want ,,,
life like this
i am a die hard LIZIQI fan... love from the PHILIPPINES
Cute
Y porfavor, podría alguien simplemente escribir q son las letras q van apareciendo.en el video??? Son los.nombres de los platos??
There family is so sweet I whis they will happy forever and her grandma live a long life 
My favourite your meal and planting
I love all videos
小小的身體裏充滿著無盡的能量！
️️️️️️️️
Luzia your parents an grandparents must consider you a joy.
I would sell everything I own to live like this, so pure and natural.
where you from japan you are so very hardworking woman amazing and beautiful🇵🇭
เก่งหลายๆ
Fallin' in love at the first sight and now im addicted to this channel
I love it
食用植物知识多 吃起来很健康
Best part of life is; is  being with grandparents ... I just lost my grandfather... my 90  percent of life happiness gone....it's true ... if you have grandparents spend plenty of your time with them.
Super lam big fen
Как в таком глиняном грунте выращивают такие урожаи ? молодец
Satisfying!
我小时候也帮奶奶拔过花生呢……奶奶已经去世很多年了，想她
Most rural Chinese over 40 years old have experienced liziqi's life. For example, I am a few years older than Li, and I also experienced her work when I was a child, so watching the video is just recalling my childhood life.
I love plants your plants are nice
Love you 
I'm very love this channel because I like liziqi when she was cooking
You are great person
She does all the work? even carrying heavy stuff... 
As the saying goes " I Put Blood, Sweat, & Tears into this", She's put it all into her channel, her career, her way of living, & surviving!! I admire her strength.... Her videos are my daily motivation!!! She's put it all into building her own brand, as a reminder to never take life for granted being that she came from the bottom & a broken home, but it didn't break her she turned Pain into POWER! Liziqi- A true Inspiration, Role Model, & Influencer ️
Amazing women
I liked your style
She's so precious  in that last frame of her face she gave me strong Mulan vibes btw (not from the live action)
Very nice video
нет бы борьща наварить ведро, но нет, напридумывали же всяких блюд китайцы. я даже на знал что так можно!
每次看完李子柒,人間還是挺值得的
Todo da la madre naturaleza
E bom de mais pra ser verdade
我小时候也是农村长大的，外婆家里种过花生、番薯、地瓜(南方一种长在地里白色的瓜)、南瓜、丝瓜、辣椒、青豆、水稻，打过年糕和米粉。虽然已经很久没有回去了，但是看完这个视频感觉既真实又温暖。
Very hard working girl.
我想安静的时候就来看李子柒，，，真的很平静！！
李子柒太能干了，女神！
將來我有辦法讓李子柒同學訂閱號一億人哈哈哈
I don't understand your language but i like everything about you....such a talented young woman
I love your videos from Nakuru kenya
I LOVE YOU 

とても美しい映像をありがとう。
谢谢您的精美图片。
Thank you for the very beautiful image.
รัก
why does she remove all the fruits at once
Anyone watching this before going to sleep 
I'm madly watching her video️
Food by Farm. Great

Господи, как атмосферно... Я залипаю, не могу оторваться...  Просто сказка какая-то
誰跟我一樣下班一定要看子柒的視頻放鬆
️️waaw
I long for a life like this. I know it's extremely hard work; but it bring life back to what it is. Everything is slowed down as it should be. I don't belong in city life. It's hurting my emotional and spiritual being.
️
I am a big fan from India
Village are more safe then city's
Without any  pollution 
Loooovvveeeee
this is the first time i watch the whole video of someone spending their day doing their own works. wat is this sorcery
Sống một cuộc đời đáng để  sống
Beautiful girl like you
She is so talented
我只是崇拜你，我很高興地看著
Soy yo o siento que está chica ya esta muy cansada:')
Who is this Girl, a farmer or a chef, by the way she presents food on Plate - it looks like a pro chef - Love to see her videos - Greetings and love to all the people behind this channel
How you learn all these things ? In your school or had taken special training .
Like like like
子柒姐姐好, 支持.
片很好看, 謝分享. 努力, 加油.
敬你的努力, 愛你孝義心善能幹.
但願我外孫女像你. 我們已當你是我們的楷模了.
But I love it
Try to inscript the demo in next video
I am a viewer from Vietnam, I have known your Youtube channel for a long time. Actually, your culinary channel is much better than some of my own. Some Vietnamese YouTubers want to be famous, losing the quality of a true culinary channel...戰鬥
super woman!!
جنة
In fact, I spent a long time in the countryside when I was a child. I didn't have a mobile phone or a computer. My only electronic product was a bulky color TV. I spent most of my time in the grass, or spread a blanket under the grapevine in the yard and looked at the sky. However, I still prefer city life. Although the air in the countryside is good
Love u love u lot from inside
Vidio ny liziqi chanel bagus"aku suka
I hope there's an English translation next time.
Đẹp quá đi
She is a Bamboo technology expert and I want to be her pupil, I would love to serve her as my master forever.
20:36 cần tìm bộ cốc y như video ạ
她身材也是一级棒啊！
The foods looked way better than 5 stars restaurant.. yummy
Seperti surganya dunia

just wondering does she have an assistant filming her incredibly hot sliving hardwork ️️
娶了这样的女人十世修的福气
คุณเก่งมากเลยครับสุดยอดมากๆครับ
In Chinese cuisine one thing is common that is ´´Soya Sauce´´
   X'T
ashhad 'an la 'iilah 'iilaa allah wa'ashhad 'ana muhamad rasul allah️️
the only thing i hate in this video is the ending.. i want more.......
Super
Ого,не ожидала,что попадёт в тренды.Давно её смотрю,это совсем другой контент,она словно живет в параллельной вселенной
good  girl!!
i love
She has discipline and order. That’s makes her special otherwise who lived in the communist country they know this is normal .

Either way this has education point which is what people may need right now. Not naked , drugs, guns and cruelty and to deal with insignificant people.
Bozanstveno!

️ from 🇮🇳 india 
Super
18K dislikes. What is wrong with you people?!
在我有生之年应该能看到有哪个修了八辈子福的小伙娶李子柒，我必哭上两天两夜
让我穿越回古代了嗯嗯嗯
Any indians or Tamilans here ️
You are a smart young woman and a great granddaughter.
Very Nice 
From india
I want to live whid you ^_^
She makes this video soooo hard. And I watch it for free T.T
Very nice
Theres a Poochyena on the Loose!
The only thing on my mind when she cooks all this stuff is: What would Gordon Ramsay think about this?
she always seems to be in a hurry doesnt she
Ваууу Super
看着你的视频心里就舒坦然
I would like to ask if anyone knows what is mixed in that soil ball for growing plants?
คุณเป็นแรงบันดาลใจให้กับคนทั่วโลกเลยครับ
Whoever gets to try her food are the luckiest people on this world 
AI MA lay duoc Co nay LA Co phuoc
Halo Liziqi,,my wife is happy to see you
I from Indonesia...
平平凡凡的最美
Ilove  her chane
The perfect ending would be to see her practicing her Wudang sword style in one of those beautiful fields, bathed in moonlight.

Before anyone gets their panties in a bunch, yes, I know all Chinese people do not know kung fu/wushu, but as a martial arts lover, it's my personal head canon lol.
Ребята, кто узнал Подкладку???))))
اني اغسل ماعين بس وارجع اتمدد تعبانه
心灵手巧，妙手天成；厉害川妹，独树荧屏。中华儿女，奋发有成；祝贺子柒，弄潮领风！
Beautiful clocking
Chắc chỗ bí kia bả phải để đc cả năm
When her relative came is like they are in different time ... i forgot that lin zin life in this era 
Saya suka dri indonesia
Hola hermosa como estás te quiero mucho
看视频看哭了，我也好想家。因为疫情都有一年多没回家了，想爸爸想妈妈。
Alkash ligini aytmasa juda mehnatkash qizakan ohirida kayf bo'p qoldimi
轉載

《 批判性思維 》

在此我多謝黎天王、伍x朗為我提供關於批判性思維的靈感寫作，不過黎明和伍x朗的行為是有天壤之别，核心動機亦明顯不同，分别就是一個我行我素，但他沒有歷史黑材料可以讓你考古，另一個就是方方面面、往日今天都完全証明自己是一名慣匪，然而敢做不敢認。

以前在多倫多課堂上，有一則外國案例：一位三十來歲的人妻，她有一種習慣，完全抗拒穿内衣褲，更喜歡經常穿透明的裙子上街。

路人都能夠清楚看到她的身體，後來警察抓了她，罪名是公衆地方裸露身體，屬於行為不檢。

這位女仕在法庭上向法官解釋，她不知道别人看到自己的身體，而且有穿衣服上街，認爲自己不算犯法。

法官用一種批判性思維責罵她，每一個正常人都會在大衆社會中極力保障自己的身體私隱，一個人如果因為無心之失而露體，不算犯法，但你裡面完全不穿内衣褲，外面又穿透明外衣，就是一種刻意祼露身體的行為。

況且，公衆地方不穿内衣褲，法律上不算有罪，只要外面不是透明，裡面穿不穿，誰看到你的身體有沒有劇透？

最後這位露體狂阿姨被判監兩星期，雖然例子很淺白，但簡單說明一個人的心路軌跡，由内至外，甚麼人就做甚麼事，很難自圓其說。

香港政府原來窮到要運動員自己出外印奥運參賽服裝，而最後沒有政府授權，任何人不得私自印上特區區徽在運動服上，請問這個笑話好不好笑？

賽前沒有運動商贊助是謊言：全部香港隊代表都有幾套完整的戰衣上陣，香港今次奥運代表隊共 46人，人人不失禮，只得你一個沒有衣服去打仗？而且贊助是整體團隊清一色套裝系列，運動員根本不須要操這份心。

再者，一個運動員已經代表香港十年出外比賽，更加是首批被關注有獎牌希望的成員，大膽說一句，即使真的沒有人給贊助，這種老將，隨便選一件自己的參賽服都可以，家中印有區徽的新舊運動服肯定堆積如山。如果這樣做是不合規矩，那麼現在穿件黑色T恤出場怎麼又合規矩？

按邏輯論一個人如果他是光明正大，心理上必然先注重自己陣上的形象，會極力爭取在世界媒體下展現自己代表的地區，那麼沒有區徽的運動服誰願意去穿，而且千挑萬選一件喪服顏色T恤？除非這一切都是有人故意而爲之。

東奥委會也十分荒謬，這說明任何一個人都可以冒充運動員，穿件普通T恤出場，而不用審核，這是管理的問題。

同樣一個管理的問題，你霍家公子認真大方，一副將在外軍令有所不受的模樣，還要為此護航，希望淡化事件，有人把個人的港獨理念借奥運參賽而宣揚，証明相關部門的負責人嚴重失職，沒有做好把關工作。

請問霍公子，究竟國家尊嚴大，還是獎牌重要？

如果這位運動員又成功拿到獎牌，而他須要站在名次台上接受頒獎及奏國歌，你容許他穿一件沒有區徽的黑色T恤站在台上領獎？

最後筆者說：我明白香港有很多運動員都是黄絲，但有關當局明知這個人一直在自己的社交網站上與黑暴眉來眼去，甚至賽前穿黑衣黑口罩拍宣傳片，依然讓他有機會出外比賽，更縱容他的狗膽做出今次的醜事，被問責受罰的應該是整個管理層及羽總團隊。

珮宜
it blows my mind they can do this food prep and we've never seen a single roach. America must just be nasty
중국은 참 교활함도 저급하다 너무 저의가 다 보이잖아…
Wow likethis
Never knew thats how chesnuts grow. No wonder they are so expensive.
Ese hindi me niche traslet kar dijiye  please
Those purple rice water or wine...in those snowy glasses looks heavenly
八月瓜，板栗
Mau kita punya kayak gini gesit dia kerja
Just here lying in my bed watching her takes my stress away.
Hi admin. can I get Black Rice seed and rapeseed seed from you? I live in Bangladesh. I will pay the cost of Rice seed, parcel, and other costs. So it will be beneficial for me if your could send me these seeds. Thanks.
xinh vl
As a Chinese , I would tell you that even Chinese people can't understand what they are saying because they are speaking the Chinese Sichuan dialect with a heavy accent. So just enjoy the images and the story. ^ ^
And one more, you are Japanese or Chinese or Korean?????
15:09 who are they?
Who are the one who don't know her language but still love watching her videos?
Comment below
Яхши курсатув кишлок хаети менга екти хвосияам тоза табий хаманарса китайи
2022  Any one.️
We r not living a natural life . She is lucky
有段背景有凄慘貓叫声
Người phụ nữ Đảm đang quá
She must be so tired at the end of the day 
Jesus is the only way! believe! God bless us all~
Malayalikal kanunnundegil like adi
These days when we sit on the table we don’t look at the food or talk with family members we just look on the phone I guess old generations was good considering than new new generation
,hard working
I wish If I could have an enthusiasm of farming like her & such a fascinating surrounding,,
Loves from kerala
I am VIET NAM ( mình là người VIET NAM)  l love LÝ TU THAT channel  Liziqi 🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳
My mom said she can relate to li ziqi because she was raised in a village and they also did those things albeit a little differently as there is something called cultural difference. And here I am.... I don't even want to talk about it.
Why do I get so emotional?
Can anyone give her a Michelin Star plz!
Ni Hao Ma Liziki, hug  from Brasil
She's Really Beautifull....

China is so beautiful! There are beautiful sights, amazing animals, kind people and sooooo on besides Liziqi. Welcome to China
Hey me gusto ese jueguito con los palitos de ziczal
Good liziqi
she's like one of those hard working female protagonist of an anime
вот такая нужна жена
Такой бабе и муж не нужен.
HOW MANY
INTERNATIONAL Liziqi


 fans are here ?
This is better than therapy.
Any Telugu lovers
SHE IS SO TALENTED,HARDWORKING AND......PRETTY AND BEAUTIFUL FOR SURE
Ada yg dri indonesia ga?
within 18 hours, there are 1.6 thousand dislike? why? Is it because of competition between YouTubers? or just people who are jealous of a perfect life like liziqi? ahh i don't understand at all
Love the fact that I'm seeing a lot of plants tht i didn't know was edible
Like this one here 16:02 i thought that it's just a decorative plant, cuz I've never seen anyone use this for cooking
Tudo  muito delicioso  ,maravilhoso agente come com os olhos uuuuuummm
She certainly did receive many nasty evil wicked and jealous comments in the past. Those people do not even know how to make their hands dirty or how to survive as they sit behind their computers with fake nails and wearing heavy make up and expensive clothes. Probably they do not even know how to cook either or way too lazy as they can afford restaurant foods to live on.... Her grandparent passed to her all their wealthy knowledge after she did returned from the suffering city life and evil family member. Change her life around she is willing to learn from her Grandparent, wealthy knowledge passed down to her what city folks has no idea about. Just mention some: how and when to sow, how to grow, how to cook and preserve food  in season. What to use from the nature in season for dishes. How to keep animals. Look @ her artistic creative dishes, chefs craving for the knowledge and for the quality ingredients to use in their dishes. She become an extremely skilled woman. I adore her because she has a strong spirit a very kind heart. Not many people do look after their elders as she does look after and care about her Grandma ️
I want to thump like 10 times for her! Her hard work is worth. I feel amazing many times while watching the video
Parabéns
Nice sisters
Amo tus videos
Super love your videos 
居然玩投壶！真是好风雅。
どれも全部美味しそうでお腹空いてきた…
真勤勞️
The camera man is so experienced
Very clever girl; very proud of you, what ever you do is very success, admire you, wonderful sweetheart. Love you sooooooooo much loveeeee.
Amazing lady 
My only question who is her camera man. She is a one woman army.
Good .please can you make video on land races of rice and Plant Biodiversity
Eu amo vc liziqi
身輕如燕、刀法了得、體力、耐力……超群!這不是現代版的女俠嗎？同樣的樹枝!不同人站上去……有不同的下場!唉！本人就需要安全網【再加重……意外險!】
what is that dark pink drink called?, it looks amazing 20:33 - 20:24
Who likes liziqui's dressing sense hit like
I love to her life style
this girl is amazing.
Is that higanbana? 08:27 I think this is my first time seeing the original apart from the anime wkwk
This channel love only those who love nature..
In Indonesia, they are called 'tape ketan'
This purple rice is called mishinge in our tribe language
Liziqi you the great 
Love from assam 
I felt like I was going to have a heart attack awaiting presidential results and I knew coming here would help!
Wow natural girl 
احس نفسها طيبة و كيوتة ️
Be honest who's been watching "李子柒 Liziqi" "for more than a year"?️please come to jungle.visit us Honestly
Nice video 
Not long ago humanity lived this way... Yet, must be more people at their cottage, the amount of work and so physical it's too much
I wish heavens would be like this.
I ️ U Liziqi
Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩
Поддерживаем такую красоту во всех странах и на всех языках!!! А у нас в Крыму время виноградных чудес! Кому интересно, заходите в гости.
Waw ️
Кому то повезёт с женой,
seria interesante el detras de camara
She is superwomen who live in another planet or what? Amazing
She doesn’t live in our world
Plzz do your home tour
They said Liziqi has only chinese fans.
Raise your hands if your an international fans
so good food, yummy ...
看了李子柒拿竹棍打板栗我又回去看华农拿拖鞋扔板栗
️
這是我看過最神的美女，沒有之一。
She is my dream wife... So powerfull.. so pretty, so respect she family...
如果要说谁是中国顶级厨师，那么一定是李子柒了。
可以做御膳了！真的強
People always say she is multi-talented and wonder if it’s real, put anyone in her shoes if he/she can survive then he/she will be the same “multi-talented”. My grandma did farming all by herself, she knows hundreds of editable herbs and mushrooms, feeding livestocks, using millstone to make tofu. Plus she’s one of the three tailors in that village so she also worked full time making clothes to earn extra money to feed her four kids. She’s much more “talented” than Liziqi at the same age bcos she married early and had kids and was the only labor in that family. She married to a soldier who could only back home once a year. He served the country and she served the family. Pls don’t judge the authenticity of Liziqi’s videos, she’s a true female farmer. She just does makeup and uses skin care things like every girls to make her looks better in the camera.
Wow!!!
Mantap jiwa
....they seem like such decent, innocent and honest people..... I don't know for sure, but it sure looks that way....

Hi from Saudi Arabia،Wooow I’m happy with you،you wonderful.
南瓜籽在子柒的手中都很乖很听话哦，充分体现了南瓜籽的生命价值，在我手中最多演变成南瓜子嗑嗑哦呵呵
为什么我会有泪涌的感觉
️ ഫ്രം കേരള 
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
I'm sure she was a empress in a past life
小时候在老家帮忙种地过，很是不容易，特别容易烦躁，腰腿酸痛，手变粗糙，满脸晒黑，肩膀还容易晒伤。挺不容易的。
a onde eu busco Liziqi?
️
And who else is watching this while drinking a cup of coffee? Say I
Step Daughter Of Nature
Unbelievable 
This is what David Attenborough is talking about to save OURSELVES: SUSTAINABILITY while only grabbing a small piece of land!
She is so hard working
purple rice itu seperti ketan hitam ya ?
oh man. I wish miss liziqi would make me her apprentice hahaha
My favourite is liziqi channel
Now you know where obesity doesn't go. To people who work and eat health
I confuse this video is very good but there are still people who don't like it -(
Wow i want the gardining and cooking
Cina memang hebat dr segala hal
15:03 OMG 
RESPECT TO THE EDITOR FOR COVERING HER BUTTCRACK
Very Nice
She's getting generous with her videos already. And I love it. I was content with the contents of her videos. It always makes my day. So far this is the longest video I've watched from her. She may not be posting all the time but that what makes the viewer miss her. And all the waiting is all worth while because she makes great and informative videos. I'm truly a fan. Thank you for another great video, Liziqi. Keep up the good work.
I love you lizigi
你真棒
我很難用詞語去形容李子柒的才华和能力，她花了春夏秋冬来组成了一个視频，而且菜色千变万化。我只能用'豈有此理'来形容吧!
️️
I can't believe 
I don’t know what to say, she is inspiration for all of us, her hardworking and patient is beyond our imagination.  Her world is her surroundings, beautiful landscapes.
Tuyệt quá chi oi
عالی بودی 
I love how she takes such good care of her grandma. Beautiful.
Dịch tiếng việt đi  chị
Can anyone please tell me which background track is this?
I have never seen such exquisite, tasty looking, home sourced/cooked meals.  I love your energy and purposeful life.  Please continue in health and wellness always.️
Is she real? Wow!
i like it
i love watching liziqi's videos over and over again! and everytime seems to be my first time watching!, it excites me!, keep safe liziqi!, wishing more healthy and happy years to your grandmother with you! greetings from this side of the planet! ;-)
bình yên

This video is really really really great. No matter how tired I am, just watching your video makes me feel so peaceful and refresh. Enjoying life and doing what you like. Girl, you are so lucky because may be everyone always tries to find happiness but no one is enough lucky to find it like you. I wish all the best to you, your grandpa, your cameraman and hope that in the future you will bring to us more interesting video like this. Thank you so much for your video!!!
Керемет ведио
您努力工作，希望您记得休息并照顾好自己

感谢liziqi和其他人参与拍摄和分享这些视频

（对不起，如果措辞很奇怪，我使用了Google翻译）
She is like a food company in China.
So 
I hold so much respect for liziqi since she puts so much effort into her work and at the same time is very down to earth person.
Wow. . .
Nice
What a feast! Months of loving labour and attention. You deserve the best of everything. Thanks Liz!
WOW
Love
看着眼泪流下来，感动这一切春耕秋收的勤劳！
Watch the clip. Very good.
Wish she was my wife 
This is my first time watching her video, I can't believe I haven't watched her sooner. This video is simply beautiful. She's so hardworking and amazing 
Không hiểu tập này vì lý do gì mà lại phải che cả mặt anh chị mình nhỉ?
Super sister
Liziqi, thank you for all your hard work along with your talent and skills. I’ve learned so much from your videos.      I love your time with your Grandma giggling!! Hugs from the USA🇺🇸
liziqi makati ung palay aq nakakamot. 
🇩🇿🇩🇿
Such inspiration to live life as fulfilled as Liziqi. Admirable Woman.
Hạnh phúc là đây .
The organization required for filming, editing, and combining multiple different processes over multiple seasons makes my head spin. I'd lose, mislabel, or forget about so many things!
你看起來很勤奮。
How can she do this so hard
I know this is partially contrived, and no one person could keep up with this scale of farming, animal husbandry, cooking, etc (even with the help of her girlfriend/assistant) but her videos are magical & she has many imitators (the highest form of flattery) she is genius. God bless her, she deserves a fortune.
Why do these puppies never seem to grow? Does she breed dogs?
李大姐的表演！
Li ziqi is always the influencer i love most. she has gone through so many adversities with positive and persistent  spirits. She did not complaint of the unfairness of life but to be self-reliance, self-improvement, and  keep learning. There are lots of people in the modern society having so much resources but they are still unhappy. They take the all for granted, and crave for more. Li ziqi is eventually rewarded generously for her kindness and diligence. jia you! ziqi!
I want to marry her she is gorgeous
yg insom cobala nonton ini, ga nyampe 5menit udh nyenyak
Whomever the videographer is, they have a fantastic talent. I would watch (and pay for) any movie done by this videographer. Absolutely excellent job. 
As for Liziqi herself, I am enamored with her life and demeanor. What a beautiful soul. Blessings to her and her family. Cheers and Greetings from 🇨🇦
ในใจอยากมีแฟนหรือครอบครัวแบบนี้จังเลยคงจะมีความสุขขนาดไหนครับน้องเขาเก่งทุกอย่างเลยนะครับ
Nice
農作業も収穫もお料理も、いつにも増して盛り沢山ですね！
南瓜と栗、美味しそう！

今回もお元気そうなお姿が見られて良かったです
謝謝！

Bếp lò of Thất xưa bằng đất sét nay lên xi măng r.
So many work she does... The most time this video is fast, still this is a lengthy video, this shows how many time you spent on doing this video, love you Liziqi, I'm also a village girl(but I'm from a plain region of India, not hilly region) ,my father is a farmer... Love you sooo much.....
Wow keren bari lihat wanita macam begini diyoutube
Wanita super
I seriously love the way this video is shot! I wish I had a garden like hers but I am 100% sure I cant cause I am so lazy still I really love gardening but I cant manage it in large scale
รัก แล้ว รัก เลย
İ just stopped questioning how she is able to manage so many things at once. And how she knows everything. My mind started to see her as a hero that can have super stamina and knowledge
زعما نلقى شكوبستاني هنا .🇩🇿
Dreamgirl
很喜歡李子柒這樣自足自給的生活，而且環境又美好讚，簡直是人間仙境的天上
Ngon kinh lên đc

Вы просто хорошая хозяйка своего дома, так хорошо у вас все получается и очень уважаете старших, за это вам большое спасибо, очень вкусно все готовите,но мне кажется немножко не хватает мужских рук?
🇻🇳top one
Real Life Disney Princess?...
子柒真的好勤奋，喜欢你的影片。加油！
ഒന്നും മനസിലായില്ലെങ്കിലും കാണാൻ നല്ല രസമുണ്ട്
เก่งขนาดนี้ก็รักกันหวงแย่น่ะซิ
As much as I love watching her shows which obviously takes months to make, I adore her perseverance and sheer hard work.  I wish upon that falling star to live a life like hers. 

Alas! I can't because I'd need to own a large fertile patch of cultivable land and a fertile forest nearby that is not exploited, not to mention the amount of cash required to do what she's doing. That's my reality check 
Perempuan idaman ni
Red & Black Dress in You're Very Beautiful Looking
做得好 ！
我真的希望你的祖母長壽。️️
Người đâu đẹp thế
Why plastic ??? NooooOOOooooo.... :'(
我覺得看子柒的影片很放鬆，背景音樂讓人很舒心，讓人莫名的感動
团队玩的蛮溜，缺实用性
Who else feel more motivated to start new stuff and get things done when watching Liziqis channel?
Gardening girl
فن وحده تلحك علي البنيه
I’m amazed the ways of doing everything it seems like it’s really easy for her love ️ it
Did she has a husband?
Mcm julia, benda jail ,tak bijak membina jail dan musuh didlm jail hingga terbuka dan ternampak musuhnya di ruang senyuman sulit dan lari ke hall alih perhatian ke cell coli di dada
She is very talented person. I love nature .This nature very  beautiful and amazing.
你這麼好
I love you
When the beauty of nature and human determination meet, the result is wonderful
Where r your from
I like you
Очень жаль, что нет перевода на русский, я вами восхищаюсь, рада за бабушку.
Joi thật
娶妻当娶李子柒
I thik her love and devotion for her work makes her glow from inside
Việt Nam điểm danh nào
Working girls
Im amazed with your hard work. My question is everything , everything you harvest , do you and your grandmother eat? Or do you sell some of it?
Please share your skin and hair care routine
I am so happy that ziqi decided in these last couple of videos to no longer blur her granmas face. It must be wonderful to later look back to these videos and remember the moments that might otherwise slip by. sorting peanuts in the yard while talking and laughing <3
Rita safitri ..like lizigi
พี่คะพี่ชื่ออะไรคะ
I do so love your grandma. Her smile an laughter holds all the joy in the world
Makes me wish I had a little more time with mine...
This your sister?
翻墙只为看你
Those who disliked this video have no souls! This is breathtaking! ️
Eu vi...
10.10.10
Almost all his videos are spent recording for months so that we can see it in minutes and I do not understand those people who dislike their videos I love what they do I would give my life to live in such a place and meet that incredible woman

yes. like
SALUDOS DESDE MÉXICO 🇲🇽 ERES UNA CHICA IMPRESIONANTE É INCREÍBLE DE ADMIRACIÓN...FELICIDADES POR TODO TUS TRABAJOS Y LOGROS,SIGUE ADELANTE PORQUE SIEMPRE EXISTIRAN LOS HATERS, PERO SIEMPRE MAS LO QUE AMARAN TU TRABAJO...BENDICIONES 
사기꾼
Malayalam
子柒，为你和婆婆的幸福生活感到开心。
Super  Mario  akka
ทำไมที่จีนสกปรกจัง
they way she yelled 姐姐 ( jie jie / big sister) was so adorable. she obviously has been out of touch with her other family. I hope they can gather once at the farm and have a family dinner. Granny looks so happy to see them too.
เดี๋ยว  โดนเหมือนกูโดน
This video makes me realize how nice is living outside the paved ways and grey colors of street, i respect throphology of the  ancient chinese culture.It's amazing to see how fertile is the ground, i am very grateful with Liziqi for show me this way of living.Thank you so much princess warrior you are simply wonderful.
Liziqi your channel got me through tough times in the hospital recuperating from the awful cancer.
在兩次叢林旅行之間，我從不間斷觀看我的中國小姑娘的故事。它是農業的木蘭。感謝您提供這些純潔幸福的時刻。
When i think i cant hoe soil for gardening less than 1 metr, i always remembering you.thanks for inspirong liziqi..
me encanta su canal y lAS DELICIAS QUE PREPARA, el empeño que le pone ah todo es maravillozo soy de venezuela y es muy emocionante ver como son otras culturas y que aprovechan todo y ah todo le ponen ese tesón felicitaciones.
I couldn’t click fast enough when I received the notification! So happy to see another video ️
I want to live in an area like that. The beauty of simplicity without greed. Mingle with live animals and plants with people around who are simple and simple
我如诗如画的世外桃源一般。将原本琐碎的日子过得清新美丽。拍摄辛苦了……谢谢您带给我们如此不同的快乐时光
She really made me experience living in a paradise during quarantine. Guess you too.
Красавица Лизиги никак не устаёт, я в восторге 
We missed you Ziqui!! Post More often if posible.
I miss  that  I used to live   like that in my childhood  it was definitely like that so peaceful  so wonderful  so calming ,i'm crying  every time I watch  those videos  ,i miss everything   it's  was really  a wonderful life  i used to do something of gardening  with my mom , it was really  a healthy life ,ooh my god i miss that   , miss all days  that i lived  in my childhood 
if there is something called perfection.... then it would be liziqi
子柒也太棒了吧！已经关注你好多年了，继续加油吧！！爱你哟～
I am secretly in love with her hardwork 



somewhere in deep of my heart
She’s living the life we dream
She's really do skillful, talented 
She can run her own restaurant, 
She can make everything why not it's technical
So beautiful and interesting!  I really love it , from Vietnam 🇻🇳
22+ Minutes of pure joy.  Now I want to make purple rice liquor and play darts with willow brush bristles with friends. :)
(RUSS) Боже,какая умница! Прекрасная хозяйка и красивая женщина!
Восхищаюсь Респект Такой самоотверженный труд!!!!
Love from India (കേരളം )️️️liziqi️️️️
虽然有很多人质疑这些事是团队的其他人在做，但是我更相信她自己是从亲力亲为走过来的，并且至今仍保持自己做相当部分事情的习惯。因为我看到到她的手的特写，这绝不是一双普通演员的手，充满了体力劳动的痕迹
I think this first time ever seen by their relatives coming to her house she so happy to welcoming the her relatives such a kind hearted and she deserves the meaning of hardwork, patience, punctuality, caring , beauty with brain insane of nature lover
Now watch how i just "experienced" an entire different culture without leaving house lol... beautiful
Pls give English subtitles
Такая труженица! 
Всегда смотрю и задаю вопрос - КОГДА она это все успевает?! 
За две недели отпуска даже ремонт закончить не могу, даже половину!
why do ppl dislike this? this is so relaxing  probably they are just jelouse
子柒實在是勤勞賢慧又美麗端莊的女孩
The visuals of Liziqi’s videos are such a treat for the eyes. I just wish I could understand what she was saying and the writing.... 
Awesome video as always nonetheless.
Какая умница, везде порядок
Nossa gente eu amo esse canal oh menina incrível cada os BR aqui ou e só. Eu
恭喜1300万订阅！子柒姐我爱你
子漆真的很喜欢你的视频，祝你们越来越幸福快乐！
Every single food is precious, how difficult to plant, grow, harvest, and cook.....
您每个视频都做得非常好，真羡慕也很值得学习啊！
爱你️️聪明勤奋善良超有才的漂亮女孩
This is how close every human should be ..to nature
A friend is like Sunrise, happens daily. A true friend is like rain, it occurs yearly, But someone like you is like TSUNAMI, such disasters are rare… Happy Friendship Day
The CC is gone. I wanted to see the names of her dishes. Thoroughly enjoyed your purple rice episode 
This is the most beautiful way to live ️ But day by day many people's are forgetting this epic way to live. Many people's are dependent on big cities & High Technology's. TRULY I'M VERY TIRED OF CITIES. I RAN TO MY VILLAGE IN EVERY WEEKEND. After I watched this I'm missing my village a lot. This is so beautiful. THANKS TO THIS BEAUTIFUL WOMEN SHE IS AWESOME. ️️️
The way you make purple rice in Indonesia is called tape ketan. Purple rice is ketan hitam. And the fermentation water is Badek. It is so warm and have a strong taste.
After this pandemic is over I have to have a nice family gathering.  This time has made me really appreciate how important human connection is.
After doing all this ,she looks pretty..how!!!...
I'm a farmer too ...I know how hard it is to be a farmer,...
She is a real inspiration for me.
You know you are amazing!!
I wonder how did you learn all that..you know alot of things
You works so hard. .and you still super pretty
Every time you post all the stress of the world dissipates, into calm serenity.
Her connection to the Natural World is amazing just like in A CANTERBURY TALE com.
這麼粗重的農活怎沒一個男人來分擔，你真的是十項全能啊！
很荣幸在路过时见到一段美丽的戏剧般的视频。
 我不知道什么是摄像机
 看起来如此清晰和稳定。
 希望您在未来的生活中充满快乐
 13.1Mth
美女！子柒好！今日又看到視频了！真高興！妳大既一個月才出一視频！真的讓我們粉絲！很興奮！也期待你多出視频呀！祝福你！看視频妳爬樹採果！妳可要小心，不能跌倒，妳是我們的女神，祝妳心情天天快樂
She always have such a nice casual clothes in every her videos..  I really love it so muchhh. She really generous, talented, beautiful and strong. 

#I'm from Indonesia

And i really like all of her videos,  her creativities, her inspiration, her talents, etc..
If someone could translate all those words, you'll also be appreciated!

Tnx
看子柒的视频很是享受，我是农村的，知道农民的不易。
Hey the spike one which have a seed inside is also found here in my home town,we call it tafing in our language..i must say, all food shown in the videos r our traditional food here in North East of India!!
柒姐你好
你一天的工作，是他人一星期的扞活。
佩服你     祝福你       
真是在人間嗎？同樣的陽光、泥土，卻讓子柒創造生生不息，真可謂「萬物皆為她的努力報效啊！」……
I Think This is the Perfect Life to Live as per the Rule.
The key to 12 million YouTube subscribers:

An idyllic rural location
A cornucopia of fresh produce 
Well crafted and edited 4K cinematography
An iconic soundtrack
And a beautiful woman who works her fingers to the bone whilst looking elegant in the process

Easy!
Walau di Indonesia sudah tengah malam tapi dapat notif langsung nonton dong
It's so peaceful and calmly even though I live in a city
Watching her for 2 years. First time I thought she is filming cause the quality she made, but by her own. Later lots of people involved more like  movie now. . Team work works. I am inspired and learn a lot apply to  my video. Great
Idea . Except the advertisement is so annoying.
She knows almost everything about farming, house chores, and more 
ВСЕГО самого наилучшего от всей души. 
This is what true wealth look likes. Not million dollar houses or fancy cars. A wealth of knowledge and self sustainability.
Why did it have to end . Now I'm going to be restless again until she uploads 
I think Liziqi is as close to perfection as anyone can ever be. She is more beautiful with each video.
உங்கள் வீடியோ எனக்கு ரொம்ப பிடிக்கும் 
Liziqi akka 
I just can"t blink when I watch , jaw drop . Im so amazed
തിരുവനതപുരത്ത് നിന്നും ഈ ചീന പെൺകുട്ടിയുടെ ഒരു കട്ട ഫാൻ...ജീവിക്കുന്നു എങ്കിൽ ഇങ്ങനെ വേണം..god bless you dear.
I love watching her while  eating even now..I'm eating..cuz she cooks delicious² food  so i thought why not eating while she is doing her thing...
This is all a man could ask for, a beautifu hard-working woman and fertile land. Any man that would want more is a greedy bastard that deserves neither.
My heart melting to see the notification of my தலைவி ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️2.38 reminds me IU watering the plants in scarlet heart ryeo.................
This woman can be my goddess. I like this kind of life very much have the same feeling is not from China's message praise thank you.
️️️️️
Farming is hard work, but satisfying.  Food will always be worth more than fine gold.
视频太美了！好想回家。。。
These  videos should be a world wide heritage for generations to come, maybe a better understanding and respect   for  nature and its benefits overcomes the harshness of  modern mechanism and technologies.
Camera must be every where...editor did quite a great job
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman 
I am Father of Beauty in the World
Son- mom I'm hungry.
Mom- wait 5 year's 
I love village's culture. I want to live with you and I want keep my kitten's with me.
That is why i love this kind of video bcoz i can relax and forget my problem temporary atleast this made my day thank you ️
Her grandma is so ADORABLE 
your grandma is beautiful, i love her laughs!
I would even like to go to the cinema and buy a ticket to watch her films.
She is so Hardworking
Умница! вообще не понимаю за что я дизлайки ставят :(
摄影满分,唯美,真实,还有让人惊喜的延时摄影,
Idk about you guys but she’s the only person I would trust to hold my drink
Her oven looks like a dog. Just too adorable
Has she ever said what she does with the dogs when they get older? This is like the 8th puppy I've seen on this channel and only saw two of the older ones
哇塞 做出来这个紫色好漂亮
واو كتير حياتك حلوة تحيتي إليك من العالم العربي المغرب
已近年末，子柒陪大家吃遍了一半的节气
who watches these videos when they're eating a (usually subpar) meal behind their computer?
....just me? ok cool
Can't believe I had to fight for a job while you can live like this
18:20 I thought she was making sneakers. But regardless of that ,she’s cute & Talented!
one knife does it all - chinese style...those so called "off-grid" life style people may not have the skills that she has
make you wonder how many cameras she has with all the projects she does
她是多么利害 一天之内做出并且拍出这么多美味
I wish Disney make a princess that was like Liziqi.
Hi , i love ur channel so much u encourage me in many ways, i want to ask u : what is the secret of longer and beauty of ur hair ? 
From Algeria  good luck , i wish u the best wishes.
На это можно смотреть бесконечно...А вообще-столько труда!!...Бедные рученьки!!
拍得細微精緻哦^^
个人建议不要加速画面。宁愿视频更长或者省略部分中间画面都更好。因为本来视频给人一种安闲惬意感，快放就影响这效果了。个人建议，不喜勿喷。
The purple leaves she just gathered is just a wees in our backyard and use as decoration in the backyard sometimes. And I found out that you can eat it?!. Dang. We only play it as a fake food when I was a kid.

Ps. Filipino kid.
My favorite  vlogging  she so beautiful...and  talented. .
To the person that is reading this: You're very intelligent and adorable human! be safe
Liziqi: goes to her back yard to fetch an array of veg
Me: goes to backyard, only to ne greeted by 2 grey recycle bins and a giant green general waste bin!
有多少海外华人每期李子柒必看呢？
20:35このグラスすごい欲しいけど絶対手作りで売ってないよね…
仙氣飄飄，愛了愛了
我才刚玩油管，李子柒的视频好感人，我每次看的都泪流满面，每个视频太棒了，好喜欢，我也姓李，很自豪我们都是中国人，我们还是同一个姓
喜欢李子柒，想回四川了，去看看爷爷奶奶
It's like ancient movie with her as a protagonist.
Liziqi നമ്മുടെ മുത്താണ് 
I always think about her muslin clothes how she washes and cleans them because near me she is like my late mother who was considered to throw anything a big sin.
妳真是一位能文能武的漂亮女孩️
Liziqi was like “Corona who?”.
总觉得，柒姐的一天有48个小时。
I never want to hear my mom again complaining she spend the whole day in t he kitchen. THATs A WHOLE DAY IN THE KITCHEN
李子柒很厲害不管種什麼多收穫滿滿
Это капец как проблематично, что вообще нет перевода, даже на английский
Liziqi is The real definition of RICH people
Mashaallah ️️️
The title, "long days,just one night dinner,."
OH MY GOOD, give me she come to my life,,
h h
who else is watching this while lying on their bed and relaxing.
看得让人舒心自在，什么民主自由都见鬼去吧
its 3am here im hungry eating instant noodle while watching this. What a torture !!!
I have finally found someone who is better than Gordon Ramsey! 
I know many Nagas will be watching this.
So, Why not give a like manh. 
this girl has the strength and stamina of hercules himself.
You are real life mulan

and i'm sleeping beauty.......... 






(ok let's ignore "beauty")
大家好。我是越南人。 我很喜欢看中国视频
倚门回首，却把青梅嗅～～～～姐姐投壶投出了女侠的气势！！
This is why ladies, you don't need a Man to make it happen.
琉璃盏盛紫米酒 篱笆院漏欢笑声
قاعده ادور احد كاتب بالعربي عشان احس بالتضامن اي احد يشوف الكومنت وعربي يحط لايك عشان احس انه فيه احد قاعده يتابعها زيي️️
Winter is coming, prepare for food.
മലയാളിസ് ഇവിടെ കമോൺ 
到哪里都是这句话，自己动手丰衣足食，
Amo assistir seus vídeos 
Parabéns pelo seu trabalho incrível 
I love this video. The family togetherness is beautiful. I watch in awe at all the effort, time, and grace that you put into your videos.
So wholesome and beautiful - so grateful for your hard work and for sharing it with us. Best wishes of love, luck, health and well-being to you, your family and friends. ️
Liziqi never ceases to blow my mind and bring tears to my eyes. I just love how it ended with the sky full of stars, reminding us of the infinite space and our own mortality.
Умелица, красавица, ловкая! Просто восхищена этой девушкой. Здоровья ей и её близким️
Wow! I'm impressed , i like the nature and landscape in the video, and the stile of life ,so quite. I 'm Italian but i would like taste that food too
She's full of energy all throughout the day. Hats off to her hardwork and multi tasking.
Everytime I see her vlogs I feel like Eden Garden is still on earth to this day and Liziqi lives in it.
When she cooks and creates these beautiful dishes, it's like watching her create masterpieces.
Her videos are my shoulder to lean on whenever I have my depression. It calms me and appreciate the life more and more!
Can we take a moment and just appreciate her. She is so hardworking 
i won´t say anything new, but this videos are absolutely stunning . Love from Argentina!
I pray she and her grandma remain healthy and safe from this crazy ass world ♡♡
Que alegria por lo que veo estais bien, se me hacia larga la espera, y hoy mismo en el anterior video, preguntaba si estabas bien, me alegro, gracias por mandarnos esos videos, tan interesantes,
I’m still amazed at how she does all this work without breaking a sweat.
When it stopped at 7:52, showing that innocent child look of yours. I smiled.  You are a very capable lady, and the most fillial one whom i have seen. I hope and pray for you and your grandma to be healthy and happy
音乐是静静流淌的，人物活动却是有条不紊的欢快展开的，不知道为什么每次不想干活的时候看到这个会有一种莫名的动力，谢谢你带来这样的艺术！
She’s practically living my dream life 
-from someone who lives in a stressful cosmopolitan city
Как всё ловко , как красиво , как эстетично ! 
Но какой за всем этим великолепием труд , какое воспитание , какая самодисциплина !
I've been following your channel from Chicago, its simply inspiring to watch! Maybe some names for food in English would be much appreciated to the you subscribers on the other continent!
Love these videos. Great grandma laugh in this one!
真诚的李子柒  真诚的摄影师  低调的两个人
最值得尊重
子柒一直在忙里忙外  一个人做这么多的事
从来就没停止过!!
子柒的梦想应该就是 每天给奶奶做好吃的 让奶奶开开心心 每天健健康康吧
her video is always so relaxing and perfect️ I learned a lot from her video I just get monetized yesterday and I don't have good equipment or any help for shooting but I improved 10000times more from the first video it's a very different style but her video inspired me a lot️thank you for sharing amazing art and life!
I am the only one who excitedly updated her newest episode? Why am i missing you Liziqi?
Everything is possible for her in every impossible way , we love you Liziqi
If you ever had a restaurant I would dine there till I take my last breath 
I watch your vlog, over and over.
Thank you for the translation into English.
Конечно  нам многие блюда не понять но с какой  любовью  она готовит
Какая чистюля и красавица можно подумать актриса
Удачи ей и ее семье
I wish if I can help her... this work seem so hard to be done alone 

All the love and support from where I am from 
Literalmente a "Mulher Maravilha" é a definição perfeita pra ela 
Out of your all the videos I should say this one was my fav video...I don't know why but I felt a joy,cheerful,lively and tastier feeling from this video...may be the guests, may be your joy... Anyway I've loved your channel for so long... actually It heals mee... I love it!!!️
I've also searched about you and I'm so glad about you...Keep it up girl!!!
I always waiting for your new vidio its take more than 3 weeks but I know that you take a long time to make one amazing vidio, I love your vidio as always️
Hello from indonesia🇮🇩
This video makes it seem so easy but in reality it is so difficult. Good luck with channel ;)
Can't believe how much winter veg u were able to care and grow.   That's a lot of works, got to give props to that.  Jealous of her stoves,  I rember when my family had a wooden stove of much smaller size to cook
Li Ziqi is literally the most complete and authentic personification of “very and greatly hardworking” that I know of, to date! Absolutely beyond amazing!  
It means she takes months of months to make video
But what she does is very common here️n m proud
Whe saw this video. I remember my old days means my village life style. So liked this video so.... much. This is a natural life style. She is very beautiful and intelligence lady in cooking.
Девочка-чудо.Всё умеет.Красавица.И где такое чудо живет.здоровья ей и сил
还是第一次看到了这个小姑娘的视频，以农村生活  与周边的生活为题材  真实感人 ，无声胜有声
Do you know? Your YouTube account is famous until it is broadcast on Indonesian TV
Congratulations we love you liziqi 
The real life Harvest Moon where it really takes time and effort to reap what you sow.
这部影片拍起来真的不是那么简单，需要很多的劳动和时间，以及各种摄影角度，李子柒的影片至今做到无人企及的地步，也是因为拍摄成本太高，并且耗时很长，子柒加油啊，底下评论大部分都是英文的
She is the most perfect girl I have ever seen in my life. 
Me: this day sucks
Liziqi: releases the video.
Me: what a nice day!
these videos are fr the only thing that can calm me down anymore
If anyone’s gonna ask who’s my favorite princess, I’d say it’s liziqi.
В это звёздное небо невозможно не влюбиться! Аж дух захватывает.
I really like her glass set... I want that one... It's Soo beautiful.
I wish I have a friend like Liziqi who invites me over to eat at her house with homemade delicious cuisine 
in Indonesia, there is a dish called "Tape/Tapai Ketan Hitam", it's basically made from purple glutinous rice, which is fermented only with yeast. when it's done,  the taste is sweet and sour, and we can drink the water of it. it contains alcohol but not too strong, it depends on how long you want to ferment it.
I want that starry night sky as my screens wallpaper, how gorgeous it is!
Лизи трудолюбивая умница
这中秋家宴，真是幸福满足~太棒了
Love from Indonesia️
How many of you find her videos relaxing??”
Какая красивая природа в Китае и какие трудолюбивые люди там живут .и испытывают истинное счастье в труде .  «Если счастья нет в труде – не найдёшь его нигде!»
最佩服李子柒的人生
the only thing I wait for in Youtube every month
I still remember when I was young in Sichuan China, girls who were most diligent were most admired. Ziqi is one of those girls. I love people from Sichuan:)
The piano music is so soothing that I saw the whole video twice, this time with my eyes closed.
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman. 
I am the famous Father of Beauty in the World
终于等来了新的一期，子柒，谢谢你！祝你和婆婆周末愉快！
Wow, how many days did she prepare that food? I can't even follow everything that she's making!️
这集是用万圣节（紫色和橘色）的色调庆祝中秋节（月饼）欸！！
I have to make pumpkin vine tendrils + eggs and fried pumpkin tips/shoots - two new dishes I learned from this video.
16:35 SO BEAUTIFUL! JUST LIKE WHEN YOU ADD MILK TO THE TEA
Liziqi is such a virtuous woman. Any man would be lucky to have her. Her worth as a woman is more than the wealth of entire countries.
看到家庭合睦 真的为你开心
我是你的铁粉最大的愿望就是和你做邻居做姐妹，和你一起干农活，吃你做的饭
Mesmerizing to watch, stunningly beautiful.
This kind of video deserve of billion of views ,hardwork patience waiting,a life of a simple life...thats why i dont watch those pranking videos,calling bothering people what such a lazy people..shame on them..
When I need to calm myself I'll searching for this channel  tq
I hope these comments are understood as they were meant.

You can completely forget a one legged man... Ms. Lizqui is "Busier than a three legged man in a butt kicking contest!"  

I don't know exactly what all the foods are, but I will say this, "She sure does put a whole lot of love, energy, time, effort and joy to make them as beautiful as she can!!!"

Thank You Ms. Lizqui for another great video!!!
Whr this dream land, feels heavenly such a beautiful mountain water land garden ,the things they use are damn good
久しぶり、日本語でお願い
めっちゃ綺麗
I think she deserves a Nobel Peace prize, because she makes me feel peace from the bottom of my heart. Any one agrees with me?
李子柒是我老乡，她的生活真的就是我的完整的童年的缩影啊，插秧，打谷子，打米，磨面，打板栗子，居然还摘到了八月瓜，早知道野生的八月瓜一熟就掉地上烂了，真的很好吃
I wish I could purchase some of her handiwork!
My wife is from Guangzhou China. So cute, lovely and super smart. I love China ~
Princesses r not fancy nancy brandy dancy...here we introduce u our princess liziqi..she made the whole kingdom all by her hard working and pure emotions...she makes all her dresses and styles by her hands...she cooks to herself..she works hard to help everyone and to teach them that hardworking is what does the life rly need...and!!!!


That's why we r   citizens in her kingdom..just if the ones who roll the world were liziqi....the world would be super fine!
So I read an article about her, her parents divorced when she was very young, then she went to live with her grandparents in the rural area. When she grow up, she tried various job at the city.. once upon a time, she got a call that her grandma was sick so she left everything and cameback to hometown to take care of her nana. She was inspired by her brother who uploads singing videos on Meipai (Chinese social media) and thinking that she could do one of that too. Over the years through trials and errors she was able to build her channel.
After learning this about her, I was really impressed. All i can say is, she is truly a hard working person and never leaves her family. We all should be inspired !

Ps: All that woodworking and cooking skill she learned from her grandpa. Apart from this channel, I heard that she is also a bussineess woman
永远支持李子柒！
第一次看过，特别满意。加油！
I love the ending...
When she picked the pumpkin she looked like Cinderella 
Most of us have to agree with one thing, this woman works so much harder than us. At least this implies to the people probably sitting at home and complaining how their back hurts from sitting in a chair all day.
单单种花生，就甩开我几条街了
其实你分开几个视频发我们也是毫不介意的 等好久了！
你好，我是越南人，我非常喜欢你的影片
7:52 she looking at them so preciously but we look at our monthly wages like that sacrificing all the health
Такая умница ' молодец ' все что так не хватает в жизни это простоты и покоя' музыка супер!!!
Why are those dislikes...if u dont want then dont watch..to think,u are still here to watch...in this pandemic,u still have those hates in your heartwe should be positive and appreciate her works and the nature she is showing with us....
She is truly an angel.I like her so much.
子柒，能跟你吃一屯你煮的飯，滿足了。
All the food which ziqi made could make by ourselves at home, only if you know how to use fire.
个人觉得，子柒你的影片无需放快速哦，就是 #1.35 的时刻~大家都会很喜欢看你的动作，放了快速有点少了那种感觉。。
The glasses are amazing, I want it too but I just couldn't find it :/
I want to live here no pollution,no toxic people,no internet,natural natures,no covid and lastly I want to marry her hahahaha
ススキの遊び、日本は花瓶に挿して月見団子の中秋を眺めて楽しみます。
老乡，你太会生活了，点赞。
Personally, I don't care if it is fake or not. it is still interesting and soothing to watch.
好的，謝謝你的分享与支持，加油！ 
好的，謝謝你的分享与支持，加油！
If you know slow fashion, Li ZiQi is slow channel. You can't push the production according to consumer's need, but you have to follow and respect the nature

But, I WANT MORE VIDEOS 
I wonder what kind of face cream she use to protect her skin from being damaged by the sun and the wind since she works outside  everyday. She is pretty.
姑娘你太厉害了，知道你很久，这是第一次在油管频道看你的视频，来晚了！！！
I have never done this much of work in my entire life time
你的園地到處是寶！
The person you are marrying will be very lucky because they can eat a delicious variety of food....love from Kerala gods on the country in the universe
新声代偶像！我爱你
She has a line of food products in china, they’re pretty good !
Hi I'm Tahira from Pakistan. 
I really impressed me.
Very hard working; intelligent and beautiful lady.
Good.
She is so beautiful omgg that girl 
Me: vibing, just watching Liziqi farm and stuff

Me: sees the red flowers
Me: oh..

Me: sees the flowers appear multiple times
Me: O H N O
Tomorrow is my birthday 
Thankyou for making my day special
Being an Indian I imagine how these food with no spices and salt taste like
Does she keep all the things that she harvests In her farm or does she sell some ?
The little puppy likes to take part.
மிகவும் அழகான பதிவு. தமிழ் நாட்டில் இருந்து 
she is doing everything with her hands BARE..i can’t help but to be concerned tho  she must have hurt her hands countless of time..
മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ
Credit goes to the cameraman
美，真的很美。
满满视频分享，不做作。自然之美。
My back is aching already only by looking this vid.
I am from India, i love you.️
Вот это вот "м-э-э-э-э-э-э-э" в начале ролика подсказало мне, что сегодня будут готовить баранину.
You can see from her hands, the wrinkles say everything. Of course there are people doing the video editing, but that is necessary!
Im am so confused n ready to throw punch~~
How can this vid have dislike~~
I know everyone have their own interest~~
But where is  the logic when this vid only show how she works~~
She do nothings that may triggered anyone~~
Well..unless u’re lazy af n want to deny there is a hardworking human being exist in this world~~
Salute n thumbs up to Liziqi!!
When people keep dissing at China's people living in a polluted country and calling the country disgusting...

Li Ziqi:  Let me introduce myself 
Liziqiさーん
星空 素敵ーーー 積乱雲 好き。カボチャ好きーーー笑顔可愛いーーー  Liziqiさーん今日も、大好きですーーー 
言葉で、伝えきれない。
観てる景色 時間 全てに 感謝。
沢山 素敵な事 ありますよーに 
XOXO
Who else watching liziqi's videos while lying on the bed?
哈哈早说过子柒是侠女而不是仙女看玩飞镖时那眼神和气势see, as said before Zi Qi is a Wuxia not a Xianxia! Check out that power from her eyes while playing that darts game! 
以前的视频几乎没有快进镜头，自从有人开始诋毁她只是演出，就有了那些快进镜头，希望这能让那些人闭嘴
HOW ARE YOU LIZIQI YOU ALWAY STRONG WOMEN 
casually making purple sticky rice in usa
"... why is she sniffing the juice? There shant be juice in thy rice. SO confused."
കുട്ടേട്ടൻ ഫസ്റ്റേ️ Liziqi...one ov ma beloved YouTuber️love from India*
心灵手巧，美景，美拍，美人。世外桃源，人间仙景，美!
1. 老有人说活儿不是姑娘亲自干完的，这下好多劳动干脆用快进给你看全。
2. 姑娘用了收割机，终于不用手动打米了，另外一个手动打到天黑的视频太累了。
3. 姑娘啊，干活儿还是戴上手套吧，南瓜梗、花生根都太粗糙了，心疼你的手啊！
4. 投芦苇的时候，前一秒像女侠，后一秒就像个小孩子一样跳起来了，好可爱！
怎么说呢 就是很治愈的感觉..
能够在你家乡的住家住上半月一个月的有多好。天主真好
Ну хоть убирают техникой, а не руками. Хотя на долго её так не хватит.
മലയാളികൾ കാണുന്നവരുണ്ടോ എങ്കിൽ ഇവിടെ ലൈക്‌ അടിക്കു
Be honest who's been watching "李子柒 Liziqi" "for more than a year"?️please come to jungle.visit us Honestly
故人具鸡黍，邀我至田家。 
绿树村边合，青山郭外斜。 
开轩面场圃，把酒话桑麻。 
待到重阳日，还来就菊花。
They said Liziqi has only chinese fans.
Raise your hands if your an international fans.
姐姐姐夫来了就一起干活儿哈哈哈，勤劳可爱一家人
Does anyone know who the house guests were? They bought gifts for Grandma and their faces were blurred. So I'm guessing family members. What were they saying?
How much times? Looks like a year to me.
这么一桌子东西不要说做，我看着都眼晕
ഇവിടെ മലയാളികൾ ഇല്ലേ 
Next:

"THE LIFE OF LIZIQI. "
9:03 if I stand like you in that branch the tree will fall down
Soy la única de aquí que habla español??️
Literally the 1% people who reading. May your family Live more than 100 year with good health...# 
Youtube is getting real comfortable with these double no skip ads
my god, she got some holy muscles.
“What a man can do,a waman can do better.”
I’m exhausted just watching her prepare for this feast
മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ ഇവിടെ 
എവിടെയായിരുന്നു കുറെ നാളായി wait ചെയ്യുന്നു.......
А что это вообще за девушка, где живет и чем занимается? Просто смотрю недавно...
Thank you Liziqi. I learn so much from your channel. We just purchased our own home a few months ago and we are so looking forward to the wonderful benefits of this land. Many thanks, from Wisconsin: America.
Omg! Those purple desserts looks so delicious 
勉強に疲れた時に見ると最高に癒される……謝謝
Time for relaxation! Amazing video as always, my beloved Liziqi!  You are the daughter of the mother's nature! ️
I absolutely love the idea of using huge hammers for cooking  also, who else enjoys the harvest part even more than the cooking part?
I liked how some of the videos have subtitles (closed captions) on what she is saying, what the foods are called, what she's doing, etc. I don't speak Mandarin or Traditional Chinese but it sure is helpful to have them!
Thank you so much for the sharing you life with us. This inspires me a lot to share our little island life as well. To make food, eat while watching sunset is the best part of the day ever.
Enamorada de su cultura, me encanta su gastronomía...
Dios mediante espero poder viajar y conocer mas de su gastronomia 
I live in country side and had to struggled many things. Sometimes I feel tried to the point where I can't bear but watching her video make me to realise that it's not the time to give up yet.
Thank you so much Liziqi
Hola Liziqi, de nuevo ayer por la noche estuvimos (con mi esposa) deleitándonos de tu nuevo vídeo. Que trabajo más productivo hiciste en esos meses, sin duda la cosecha la pudiste aprovechar. Gracias por compartirla. Exelente trabajo! Abrazos a ti y a tu querida abuela.
Please send my love to your grandmother <3 she reminds me of my grandmother when I looked after her at a very young age. Thank you for your hardwork and I love how your videos have inspired me in so many ways <3 love from Fiji
Always a blessing to watch one of your videos! Not a huge fan of the fast forward parts but it shows you all the hard work we know she does every day 
I loved her videos! She is amazing, does everything and she never looks tired! The videos holds so much attention that we don't even see the time goes by!
Everything is so artistic and down to finest details! Even the self made oven and drinking cups are so adorable! The videos are so precious due to deferred gratification. We are not only witness the presentation of various delicacies but also the process of making them from literally scratch!
Everytime I watch Li zi qi's videos. They all makes me comfortable with peaceful sceneries and food.
i love her content its so soothing and calming
I love to see how the cat-oven evolves over time from very new to 'stood-here-forever'. 
And did you notice the tons of garlic and chili? :D
每次看子柒在忙農活的時候，心中總是滿滿的感動!
也因此沉澱雜亂的心情!
謝謝妳啊！
Love every ingredient in this episode, the purple rice, sticky rice,  peanuts, chestnuts, soybean, varieties of pumpkins, perilla herbs, fragrant osmanthus, ... a wonderful banquet of autumn. Love to see Ziqi showing off her little 'shooting' skill 
Hola!! Te envidio, qué hermosa huerta, y luego las castañas, que ricas,tan caras y tan sabrosas.
Que trabajadora eres. Saludos desde México
Потрясающая фантазия и навыки!!!!
Ah watching you two makes me miss my grandma  havent seen her for over a year now... for me one year is not much, but for her every day is important
У вас очень красиво и вы очень трудолюбивая, молодец, приятно смотреть на вас. 
太棒了！ 好希望自己可以过这样的乡村生活， 我不需求有你这样的名气，实力和财富。只想平淡生活！
I'm watching it while it's raining here. I feel at home whenever I watched her videos. Too bad, she doesn't put ads on her videos coz I will definitely not skip those ads.
Such a gift to this world, to see the beauty of all this work
Thanks for sharing another out of this world stories of your harvests!  I have been waiting for this and it felt like forever. 
요리가 아니라 예술이네요 영상을 보고 있으면 이렇게 사는 게 진정한 행복이 아닌가하는 생각이 듭니다
I got really tired just by watching her hardwork...I only got  relaxed when she ate something ...we all love you Liziqi.️️️
Idk how long I've been watching her videos, everytime I'm going through an emotional roller coaster and ended up sobbing... just love her!!! 


_Some Wanting to live a simple life (she can’t )
Rice, pumpkins, and peanuts. Three of my favorite foods!
Hi,I am from the Caribbean,your stamina is fantastic, I must say, and it would be a wondrous experience to learn to prepare food  the way you do,with the equipment you use,especially the steamer craft thingy that you use probably with some slow burning plant material as fuel ,well done,you really gave of yourself
尊重妳，生活態度默默的鼓舞著人心。
What a great content,.,,,, How I wish my home would be like this someday.....
我真的很喜歡看你的影片 you are my idol ️
After Charlie Chaplin and mr.bean she earned 13 million subscriber with out speak any words about her cooking recepie and life of plants and fruits  if u agree hit a like 

Li is absolutely amazing.  I love watching every single thing she does.  She brings peace to my heart.
Оказывается она Лизики? Спасибо, что сказали. Сколько труда и какая красота! Думаешь, ну вот откуда такая молоденькая знает как всё сделать ! Молодец!
子柒，加油啊！一个女孩那么能干真的不容易。每当我看见你的视频，你都在激发我 ，提醒我们应该为自己生命继续努力。
李子柒你做的每一道菜看的我都流口水，还有看你的奶奶多开心，看你们过的神仙的生活好羡慕啊
Unbelievable , splendid, outstanding, mind-blowing, unparalleled, and so on.
i feel like i should pay you to be allowed to watch this, it's absolutely beautiful i feel so at peace ️
Великолепноспасибо Liziqi
She seems to be a wonderful grand daughter and a good cook. Any man would be more than lucky to have a girl or wife like her.
A family gathering like this ,where everyone eating , laughing , enjoying the time is so satisfying
I really want to get garden tour in her home. I am so curious how many plants at there.
I am shocked that how she can do a lot of work and never feels tired . I am a great fan of her and her work also
人美，風景美，食物更美，背後付出的努力更更加美..
She makes everything look so effortless.
She is amazing.Hard working lady I've ever seen.
李子柒是勤劳大众的代表，扑实，追求自然，快乐。
農村…時而忙，時而閒，卻又是忙裡偷閒偷閒，這實在是樂活、舒活、慢活…活的好自在、自信…
리쯔찌~~~
할머니모시고 사는 모습이 너무 효스럽고   영상도 아릅답고 옛날의향수에 빠지게되네요~~~
고운영상 잘보고 나도 힐링합니다~~~♡
I wanna live in this place all of my life. อยากอยู่ในสถานี่แบบนี้  และทำสวนแบบนี้  น่าอยู่มากๆ
投壶！！！她的视频太符合古风审美了叭！！I am amazed! I want to take a guess that the dinner together is for mid-autumn festival! And They are doing this traditional game at the end!! I didn't get to celebrate the holiday with my family nor eating mooncake this year. But I felt the warmth from her video!! Blessing.
自给自足，多少人的理想生活方式，非常好的视频！
My feeling while im watching "im hungry" hope one day i could get a chance to taste all those foods hehehe.  Stay safe
Oh my goodness, isn't this the first time we see some of her family that isn't her grandma? Brother, sister, brother-in-law, sister-in-law? Not sure since she calls them both Sister and Brother but ohhh I'm so happy!!
I think Liziqi and I need to talk about her farming practices, as well as postharvest management. So, I'm study botany honours and one of my course is postharvest physiology. I'm very interested in how she is able to maintain quality with the limited technology she has. I may be able to help, if she wants someone to talk to about improving things. However, she seems to be doing just fine
Прекрасная трудолюбивая принцесса, живущая в настоящем раю.
お姉ちゃんはめっちゃゃゃゃ可愛くて、偉いです️
Lovely lady, lovely food, lovely work.
少了喧鬧煽情的語言描述，更能顯示出一個民族的生活涵養。
很高興在那片吵鬧的亞洲大陸上，免去語言下竟能拍出一股清流。
這種文化才是全世界都能看懂的文化。
So . . .my pride at using my new rice-cooker from WalMart, and getting it mostly right, just seems a little sad.  
I have to admit, I followed about , maybe half of what was going on, I think this episode introduced more types of food and preparation than I have any familiarity with.  I love watching these videos.  I always say I'm just going to watch for a couple minutes, but who am I kidding?   I am astonished at the back breaking labor she is capable of, and clearly she is someone who throws her whole self into an endeavor.  I doubt half measures would be tolerable, and I mean that as a compliment.  A true master of her craft, and certainly Renaissance Woman is a far more apt description than a Jack- or Jill of all Trades.
Who all feel it's a energy boasting or stress relief video, the wonders she create, stay blessed.
She would put to shame any Michelin starred chef with her ridiculously amazing meals. In fact, the work that went into just creating that meal would've killed most people!
OMG the food looks so good. Never had real chinese food before.
Your food is killing me imagine I was sitting there on table,OMG
She's living in a beautiful world like my imagination ,but it's real
It always makes me wonder, how many more things could she have done if she wasn't filming and editing these videos?
李子柒展示的才是我们心目中向往的“乡村”～
There's always so many comments on this channel about how wonderful life like this is, how much better than our own, how humans have strayed so very far from how we were meant to be and live. And I'd like to respond to that sentiment.

The only thing we humans are "meant" to be, at our most pared-down, is socially dependent. We get depressed because we don't take care of each other as we should (though having plants around and something to tend to can certainly help!). They (rural Chinese) get depressed because they're poor and being exploited by their government, and are just as if not more vulnerable to other health issues due to their lack of access to a robust health system. Liziqi is an exception, with the privilege of her fame and wealth making all of these things in her videos easier to accomplish, plus a talented film crew there to make it look as idyllic as possible. I'm not saying this is fake, because it isn't, but it is designed to be an escape and perhaps, for us, a peek into another culture and how other people live. It's entertainment, no matter how genuine. But the people there don't choose to live entirely self-sufficient like that, and romanticizing their hardship is both unkind and shows just how out of touch we are, and how much we take for granted. Not to mention it is utterly unproductive for the improvement of either side of this conversation.
 
If you want to live a better, happier, more peaceful life, there's nothing stopping you, and it doesn't necessarily take moving out into the countryside and starting a farm (which would not be at all peaceful, lbr). Take care of yourself instead of just "treating" yourself, learn more kindness, give more than you take, focus more on what you have than on what you don't, own up to your shortcomings and work to improve them, but also learn to accept both yourself and your life just as it is. Forgive yourself when you stumble or fall short of your own expectations. Be patient with those around you. Pay attention and try to really understand them as they are, not just as you prefer them to be for your own convenience. 

Get some plants, make new friends, take chances, love like you'll never be rejected even when it hurts, and live, live, live.
This is amazing 這真太了不起了
Love from kerala india️️️
こんにちわ！
いつも動画で癒されてます(*^^*)
I always think about miraclous ability this angel, she's really an angel
Does anyone know what kind of camera Liziqi uses? It’s beautiful!
She is really a unique Angel , I watch her videos daily and not get bored . Who agree with me . Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩️
Although I am Vietnamese, I always support the girl 🇻🇳🇻🇳
子柒开心的像个孩子吖~ 我也想吃那些料理吖  饿了
I wish I could live like dis with my mom and sisters!! It would be soo much more peaceful then my stepdad 
انا عربية اعجبتني فديوهاتك كثيرا فحياة الريف رائعة ارجو الترجمة بالعربية
this is trending at number 28 here in the Philippines wow
how can she cook many dishes at the same time ? i'll literally forgot about boiling water when i see the phone for a bit
this was the most beautiful thing i have ever witnessed
自然的一切事物如此美好。
不愧是古风美女李子柒，多才多艺，仙风道骨，是千年不遇的旷世奇才。看了她的视频有种顿悟的感觉。
8:21 those are the most beautifulest butterflies I've ever seen and never seen those type before
And after this I question my self am I really living?? The world is soo beautiful yet many of us had seen, experienced soo little.
看你视频是一种享受！放松！这种田园生活好羡慕，好羡慕啊真的很棒，配音制作点赞！
https://youtu.be/ax2tZa53HP0
The magnificence of the universe express itself through you...There are no words to express how I feel about you...
More delicious than 5-star restaurant chef's cooking!
Prettier than miss universe!
Wish she is my wife . Love her cooking style and many more , more than a star hotel.. love from Nagaland ( India )
احس اجرها كبير لانها تشتغل وهي صابره... والله انها نافعه حالها وبزياده واحس لازم كلنا نشترك بقناتها تستاهل.
I love Li Ziqi! 
I love liziqi channel️she's smart.  I'm from Indonesian.
I am having exam on 31st oct. Whenever i am tired of studying just use to visit liziqi and feel relax.
I love this girl so mush she is soooo cute 
“ 投壺 ”！
難得看到還有人玩此遊戲。
春秋時代到清末時流行於漢民族的遊戲！
3:17 she’s like wearing holiday outfit 
Make me hungry. Clearly this has been done over a few days!
In the end HER LAUGH IS SO PERSIOUS
呜呜呜，李子柒真的是仙女
Красавица, умница и работяжка. Тебе солнышко и мужа такого же надо. Вдвоем легче
she is so much strong i admired her
Hello guy's From: Philippines
This channel deserves a show on tele. Perfection..
55555 李子柒真的好棒，️
恭喜李子柒上热搜，中国人为你骄傲！
Hoi, nearly 23 minutes of unadulterated enjoyment. What a treat!
What are the 316 negatives, seppos and roofus?
Its like some kind of ancient wonderland.....
平平无奇烤南瓜笑死我了 233333 好可爱
Any Greeks watching? I wash we had in Greece youtube channels like yours.
子柒可以考虑上传4k视频了,这么美的画面,每一帧都值得截屏.
she did all of that stuff in just 22 minute and 44 second.. that impresive..
Wonder women : i'm a good girl
Liziqi : oh ok
Wonder woman : in my dream
Imagine getting a Heart from Liziqi!.
妳的生活不止是藝術，更多的是生活美學。
To whoever sees this: have a wonderful day and stay safe! Sending virtual hugs!️️  Love from a positive u tuber ️
What is she cooking- No idea...
What is she saying- No idea...
What are they eating- no idea...
But, hey, I always watch her video. Its gives me peace !
Liziqi is intelligent and creative girl
好喜欢你的视频我在抖音里面也关注你了
种瓜得瓜种豆得豆，你过的真好
不貪，自然一切剛好
normal people watching this: this is a beautiful natural life style, and an amazing nature
American politician: this poor girl is forced to work hard and they don't have medicine lets invade her house and give her freedom and medicine and our cancerous food, and we will take all the "bad stuff" with us
I wish someday I could reach at least 10% of subscribers what she has
Liziqi chenel I use to put like before looking the videos any one who else like me
I live in Korea. Are you friends with me? Every time I watch the video, everything is beautiful.
哈哈  好可爱的小狗狗…
冒泡冒泡…
The moment you think that she is done..
Liziqi: it's a prank!
多多关照您那对小手。要戴手套哦！ 保重。
永远是那么美，中华文化的代言人
为什么她耕田梗到可以好像仙女下凡住在世外桃源那样，那么勤劳起早摸黑，皮肤却晒不黑，依然那么光泽漂亮。她干啥活都没有戴手套，双手却依然滋润好看。世界上仿佛没有她不会做的事情，她简直是上帝创造的完美农家小仙女，看见她这种生活，好向往啊，好想回去农村找个山头住下来，然后也过上和她这样的与世无争平凡生活.....
觉得这里没有covid-19。希望没带口罩，呼吸了新鲜的空气。谢谢你了。一就看能感觉到新鲜空气和清明的感觉。
Karens be like: Excuse me waiter, there is tiny flowers on my food. Can i speak to your manager?
Hegot lots passive income from yt. Owh amazing!
李子柒 驚くばかり！ 美しさ
Lots and lots of flavors in there - Gordon Ramsay
花生 紫米 南瓜 大豐收
سبحان الله وبحمده ♡
سبحان الله العظيم ♡

لاشيء يفرح القلب ك ذكر الله
I think her views have reduced because she no longer uses traditional Chinese music. I miss that...I found it really relaxing
餐桌平平无奇，背后功夫烦锁！
今日もお美しいです…
投壶，这个传统应该有2000多年的历史了吧
I hate the people who dislike her video
I am also a girl I also understand her pain
When someone dislike her
Is there any veg/fruit that is not present in her fields..
三个星期没有录制视频，您去哪儿了，我好想念您
Liziqi is sô pretty she looks like à porcelain doll
You must literally fall into bed at night. You work so hard with no help.
曬穀子.好像我小時候.有幾10年沒見到....70歲老人...
She was God in another life
She shows off her badass skill at the end. ️
EARLYYY FINALLY 

tbh she's the og rl disney princess
22:17 我以為是武俠片 哈哈哈XD
This girl is the real mulan 
ANY BODY FRM INDIA PLEASE CHANGE YOUR SUB TITLE OF INGRIDENTS AND ETC 
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed ?? ️
who else is watching this while lying on their bed and relaxing.
С её заработком с ютуба можно без бедно жить лет 50
She look like KPOP Idols "Twice - Mina" so Pure Pretty, love she so much, Live on nice village.
She cooked a serious spread for only 5 people. This would be like thanksgiving for me, but it's just a thursday for Liz
創作好多 新品種， 令到人哋舒緩壓力， 勤力是你的推動力! 每一個幼苗 到時你悉心栽培， 瓜菜種類 茁壯成長， 綠色的菜蔬， 煮得一手好菜式， 令到大家 皆大歡喜!
You gave me the interest for cooking! I am learning nowdays and I feel so proud of myself. Thanks so much for your videos, they are really inspirational for me.
Que capricho para cozinhar,e que lugar maravilhoso 
Esse lugar parece que traz paz
Me encantan demaciado tus videos, son realmente muy hermosos, relajantes, bellos y realmente es muy muy hermoso lo que haces y tu dedicación la admiró demasiado, me encanta de verdad tu canal es muy relajante ver tus vídeos siempre :'3, te veo desde México 🇲🇽, te mando un saludo y un fuerte abrazo desde este otro lado del mundo :D .
Hermoso, me encanta tu estilo de vida. Muy en armonía y paz total. Me encanta. Gracias por compartir. Eres un ejemplo
hi i love all of your videos..its very educating and inspiring..and your family house is so nice with all the beautuful flowers and organic garden..and everything is so good..keep uploading more videos..you are the best example that living a simple life is the best..god bless you..🇸🇽
The miracle life! Be blessed Zigi & your GrandMa️
Love the small light-hearted game that they played at the end. This again shows how life can be so simple yet joyful and it doesn't always require a lot of materials.
I'm from Borneo..  But I love to watch her video so Much that I also subscribed and turn on the notification bell..  
When i see how she work and cooking the meals in traditional way i feel more excited..make me want to watch more of her video
Thanks for having me over it was an amazing meal and such a Beautiful way to celebrate many Blessings to you and your family 
好棒哦!! 各种各样的南瓜!!还有花生!! 看得好激动，希望有一天也有这样一块地能种自己想吃的食物! 爱子柒~愿你对有敌意的人完全免疫!!!
Como me gustaría que lo traduzca en español, porque es maravillosa estoy súper enganchada a sus videos maravillosa
Красотища то какая
Хотела бы я побывать у вас на родине
А так видео как всегда божественное,хочеться смотреть и смотреть на эту красоту
Stunning, truly gorgeous, I have never seen such a wide variety of ways to prepare from simple raw materials that nature gives us, transformed into unique dishes !!!
Such a hard working  person.....very  knowledgeable and caring. She has the most wonderful heart I have ever seen. Watching her and her every day life  makes me feel so at ease. What a special woman .  Anyone in her life must feel  so special!
simplesmente extraordinário!
Hi liziqiI really love how you turn everything appetizing and delicious🇵🇭🇹🇼
Omg! First video i saw of this channel! I have to say im getting in love with this perfect rural life! Gosh! I'm shoked! This is the retirement dream of any man who wants to spend his last years by eating respecting and learning from our friend's "mother nature" 谢谢!
Hi Liziqi.. I've been watching your video since 2017. And this is my very  first comment on you. "your video is full of joy and life". 1000years later youngster will look over this videos again. So charming.. Congratulations, you got improved a lot on video quality. And last.. You're beautiful as always. Send my best regard to your grandma.
Hi, Liziqi. The Bible describes a women like you in Proverbs: 31, & that she is worth more than a bucket of rubies. Your not kidding me. My wife is like that in her own way, which she learned from her mom. My wife is the 1st in her family & family tree to graduate High school, & college & even a Masters. Her & her parents where born in Asia. God really bless me & I know Liziqi is so bless also. I just love your hair, it's so thick & pretty.
this girl must be one of the richest people in rural china
It's lucky to see first. Wish every one good time to see this clip.
春种一粒粟，秋收万颗子。
四海无闲田，农夫犹饿死。
the red flower thing with a butterfly looks like from the anime demon slayer.
മലയാളികൾ കാണുന്നുണ്ടെങ്കിൽ Like അടി
If this girl has a hundred kids, I'm pretty sure they're all provided with food.. except smartphones maybe..
私は李子チーが好きです
She's woman but .. she worked like a man and make anything as she can .!! And have good talent teammates
മലയാളി  ആരും ഇല്ലേ???
Liziui I think some who got jealous of your  life that is why they dislike
All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Só eu de brasileiro?.
To the person that’s reading this: 

You’re a very beautiful and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine ️

Our dream is to hit 1k, We’ve been struggling to get there 
Disney Princess nd fairies are not fake....she is real nd alive (liziqi).... Love from tamil nadu
草虫咿咿芳庭下，悠悠小蝶飞豆花
野舍處處醉金盆，累累秋蔓悬南瓜
They said Liziqi has only chinese fans.
Raise your hands if your an international fans.
誰能娶到妳真的是 十輩子修來的
What is the time right now in your country ..mine is 10:14 pm
a man would be lucky to her husband
我真的很佩服您內心深處的文化底蘊。
College is so stressful this year but now I am fine thanks to this ️
I like your videos so much . They make me relax and remeber me of when I used to go at grandparents place in summer,how I was helping them around with the chores.You are my favorite youtuber!
  And also how's your grndma doing?
哇，終於等到子柒的新作品啦！！！永遠都是那麼療癒~~
Очень красиво! Вы трудолюбивый  человек
I love your culture, I regularly watch your videos, I dream of one day coming to your beautiful country, in this countryside. Thank you for making me dream. Yours, and big kisses from France.
I love this girl... She is so pure and natural  she does things what she likes and never copy others  she should upload more often.. It feels her last vdos was uploaded a thousand yrs ago  I know her vdos and works r precious and laborious and it takes a lot time but still my heart wants to see her new vdo everyday if possible which is not  okk lot of love to u liziqi from Bangladesh 
Can we also appreciate the camera team for capturing everything with perfection..
every time i wonder how she manages to carry all that and work tirelessly,my back  would ache if i even tried 1% of what she does
The quality of filming is now professional and beautiful, as is nature! One of the most beautiful parts of China! Thanks for your efforts to take us on a journey, @UCoC47do520os_4DBMEFGg4A and crew!
Your garden is so beautiful and you definitely have the green thumb!! Keep up the good work!! Love from USA...
I love watching your channel! It's very calming. Much love from Phoenix, AZ
It was so cute seeing her have fun at the end. I'm glad she made some friends to wind down with. Hopefully they're not grubbing for her money 
Каждый раз когда смотрю её будто попадаю в сказку ,Лизи ты прекрасна !!!
No one can defeat you in this world, you are such an courageous  girl, keep it up, love  from srilanka ..
婆婆身體健康， 笑喝喝是最大的祝福！ 吃好， 睡好， 有好孫女疼， ️在家！
 Srita. Liziqui que hermosa y savia manera de compartir al resto del mundo que la tierra provee lo que necesitamos con trabajo,dedicación que  recetas tan deliciosas le salen...me encanta su canal gracias por compartir.
Every times when i saw her video  i'm so happyness & proud of her so much, her very excellent in everything wow!wow!wow!. love you my sis.
Thank you, you're such an inspiration.
Making a video takes a lot of time from planting to real quality harvest :))
The most awesomest YouTube channel has dropped another awesome video,
Liziqi is a real living princess ️️️️,
May god bless her with all  goodness,prosperity,and good health,also for her grandmother.️️️
She is showing you the best to live : in nature, from nature, with nature.. not against it. That is my way also. Nature gives us all we need to live free and in peace, in beauté and abundance..
I love this Woman ️ feeling like She's mine even not  I'm always here to support her.
Quem mais do Brasil não perde um vídeo da Liziqi ? 🇧🇷️
Id love to see the behind the scenes camera work. I can't imagine she shoots this all by herself and still has time to do all of that work. Amazing!
These remind me of my childhood living in north of malaysia closed to the Thailand border. The crops remains the same but on a smaller scale now but we are quite self sufficient
看過這麼多料理教學 就是看子柒的頻道很讓我療癒。
Grandma's smile brings tears to my eyes.
看得人好舒服，大開眼界成功非僥倖……真棒
Ты лучшая! Мне так нравится смотреть твои видео, они так успокаивают, здоровья тебе и твоей маме(бабушке?)
Боже дай мне нам всем женщинам столько сил 
Perfect example of living harmony with nature,lizqi is nothing to be compared.liziqi lang malakas
中秋節快樂  子柒  妳的每支影片都超級棒的 來自倫敦的問候️
Завидую, черной завистью... Просто великолепно ВСЕ! 
Its confirmed I officially fell in love with her today, I have been straight all my life, but love is love , if I was in China I would  have surely go and watch her atleast once ... I have never been inspired by a non - celebrity person like this . Although India and China have many political issues in border I love chinese culture , peoples especially liziqi I have even a good online friend in
 China . Hope everything comes back to peace and pandemic also come to an end.
I really love grandma. She’s so cute!
這世界多美好!妳很好的很棒的渡過，請保重身體健康!
如果我的父親減輕了生活的壓力和父親的問題,我遵循輸出,我覺得舒適和回答能量謝謝你跟上我來到偉大的中國,我愛創造性的️。🇸🇦🇨🇳
Это девушка просто волшебница из сказки .Посуда необычна,красивая. Способы приготовления тоже другие.
Te amo!!! Que trabajadora e inteligente que sos!!!🇦🇷
Omg how I wish I could read Chinese! What is she making! Looks divine.
I wish to eat from her dishes looks so yummy and healthy,, God bless you Liziqi
I just love her soooo much even though i don't know her..(this makes me feel internet is really amazing..I'm loving someone just by seeing what she does..lol..I'm talking like an old person..)
She always makes me want to work even harder than i do..it's just amazing how she's influencing me..God bless her and her family specially grandma..I hope she keeps smiling..
真的是史上最美農婦啊！
Каждый раз жду новое видео!)Смотрю и отдыхаю душой!!!Такая природа!Все цветет, растёт,птицы поют!Такая восхитительная красота!!!
好羨慕人可以這麽美的過人生
Everything she does is so full of grace, it’s my dream to live like this one day. Her work ethic is unmatched by very few. She’s beautiful, her home is beautiful her family and her traditions are beautiful. What more could a person ask for?
When I'm feeling sadly.. I come to ur YouTube  channel.. I'm getting refreshing.. Feeling good  Thanks for sharing the beautiful view.
作爲一個農村出來的人，這個視頻實實在在的展示了勞作的過程，雖然有延時、快進、剪輯等攝影技巧的存在，但卻是真真切切的内容，不得不説，這丫頭真能幹！！
Everything is full of life around her. 
She is enjoying life in a hard but beautiful way.
Я не видел 99% того что вы приготовили, но мне кажется, что это ЧЕРТОВСКИ ВКУСНО!!!
I hope god give liziqi family long life & blessing life
想吃，李小姐真的很厲害，特別那個紫米酒
这期做的饭菜和甜点都很特别。看了都想吃。
Обожаю её.. Она очень классная...
每次一更新視頻，總是忍不住反覆看好幾回才能滿足...當看見 "花毛" 忍不住嘴角就失守了..
食材經過子柒妹妹魔幻的手，做出來的美食料理道道都是藝術品...美的饗宴～
All those that dislike her videos have to show how they could make it better
I like your channel because it is so stress relieving.. I am waiting for your more videos. I am your fan from India.. Keep up the good work.. Love you
我喜欢你的频道， 因为它太减轻了压力。我在等待你的更多视频。我是你来自印度的粉丝。继续做好工作。爱你
子柒做的菜就像藝術品一樣，很想品嚐一下哦
I can only see this type of world in my dreams. Also that dream will never come true in my entire life   but the best thing is that I can see my dream through your videos 
子柒️️️️我來自台灣🇹🇼的觀眾 我超喜歡妳的
中秋节快乐！happy moon festival! what is your favorite food to eat during the moon festival? 我很喜欢月餅！
看她的视频是一种享受。这，就是生活
在油管第一次看 李子柒
是真的，种田种菜种瓜做菜！
剪辑，镜头……
投入，专注，热情，幸福，
一桌菜，色香味，美！
生活，美食，家人，生机盎然！不管哪方面，美食，生活，田园，视频，美感！
太牛！太牛！
好想去体验！我一定幸福疯了！
看完，我的感受，就是李子柒成功的原因！ ​​​
Её видео просто сказка какая-то. Полный релакс. Очень качественный контент. Восхищена.
婆婆好可愛️
Liziqi.. 
Tons of love from Kerala
Malayalis aarenkilumundo
Beautiful, inspirational, but how many of us would work our butts off to live like this.  I grew up on a small farm and we were pretty much self sufficient.  However, my mother worked hard preparing the garden, planting, harvesting, shelling peas, canning during the hot days of July and August.  We milked cows, took care of the calves, took care of the pastures.  It is hard work, folks.
本当にこういう生活が出来たらどんなに良いだろう。
便利で衛生的な、そして体を使わない生活に慣れてしまった今の生活だけどそう思います。
アプありがとうございました。
做事手腳俐落一看就是能幹的農村女孩厲害
Dreams of life  especially with  Co vid  pandemic . Stay safe everyone ️.
李--这是您最好的视频之一。 感谢您在此处发布。
노란 호박 죽에다 새알넣어 먹으면 진짜 맛나는데 새알은 찹쌀로 경단 만든걸 새알이라해요
子柒现在的作品都是一生系列！赞！！！
I can't imagine how difficult  she make 1 video, filming, cooking, farming, etc 1 man show. Me, myself, i feel very exhausted after make 1 video for my own youtube which is the shoot only inside my kitchen, with modern kitchen tools. You are great woman Liziqi . Keep your hard work, but dont forget to keep your health too 
Không còn từ mỹ miều nào để dành cho bạn, thật quá tuyệt vời. Mãi mãi là số 1.
This tiny woman has all humanity’s worthy knowledge in her brain and heart. She is a universal treasure.
Omg!!this is so satisfying for me! who's with me?
Let me know

Rosangela...que alegria receber visitas, vovô
Pls add eng sutitles so that everyone frm all over the world might understand u.....love frm india
I looooove those glasses at the end, does someone know if we can buy it somewhere ?
This girl is expert in everything I need a sister like her but my elder sister just giving order to me
как говорят - "Не забывай корни". Надо брать пример) тут много о чем можно подумать
很棒的田園生活，保有一顆赤子之心實是難得。外面的流言蜚語都是他們軟弱的表現。加油!
都不怎么见中文的评论 可见外国人是有多喜欢 反正我一个中国人也很喜欢 看她的视频是从很早开始了 就那个自己搭了个竹子凉亭的那期哇 这期紫色的饼和小小黄花也太搭了吧
小仙女，刚看了你的视频，同时也看了很多老外的留言，身为海外的大叔为你感到很骄傲。
Any day is a good day when granny is laughing!
9:12 OMG is that red spider lily???!! I'm shoooook  I'd never seen a real one before, I thought it will only appeared in myth stories.
Love from India 
Ziqi是个好姑娘，不管视频是摆拍还是怎样，她给人展示了中国美好的乡村和勤劳的百姓。支持你！
She is the strongest woman that i have ever seen with multi skills from the engineer, landscaper and chef. BIG love from me.
Жалко что нет Русского перевода (It's a pity that there is no Russian translation)
I just can't stop admiring her..
让我想起了小时候在奶奶家大家围坐一起摘花生的场景
I love you  from IRAQ 🇮🇶 I'm Arabian  fan's 
Being a farmer's daughter and having done few things myself....it can't be finished in 20 min!!
Hard work is inevitable part of village life....it should have been a longer video. 

also...how come its so clean n dust free?
我喜欢她如何帮助她的祖母，我真的很喜欢，而且......这个女孩真的很漂亮
This woman is amazing. I don't think there is anything she can't do!
Who loves liziqis hardwork
Liziqi please upload ur next vedio fastly 
Who are wishing the same and also liziqi fans hit a like here
Saya sangat suka liziqi. 
Seorang perempuan yang sangat baik hatinya penuh semangat dan tidak pernah malas. i love you ziqi
Sebelum tidur saya selalu menonton vidionya.
太好吃了吧 在国内都不知道去哪里买
最能干的李子柒~真棒!
In the modernized society, it’s too complicated. You can live a simple life.
看了，好療瘉喔！
Смотрю как сказку о принцессе.
I did not miss any of your videos.
I love you, im vietnamese!
好可愛的人。好可愛的生活。
What is she cooking- No idea...
What is she saying- No idea...
What are they eating- no idea...
But, hey, I always watch her video. Its gives me peace !
Li una admiradora como actriz y como chef desde tuxtla gtz Chiapas México. Julita Villarreal Ramos.
好厲害的女子（子柒姑娘）！佩服
This women inspired me to keep working hard hard no matter if is just u and your maternal family just keep working and living life. Because life is not easy it has challenges  and been a women is not easy is a lot. I hope men who watch this video value hard working women and women who love there family and the role they have in society.  Not all women work , cook and clean. But the ones that do they work hard and some people don’t value that until they are gone. Women like this should be valued and respected. Thank you liziqi for been such an inspiration for women
4:08 That look is so cute...
Now I know what peanuts look like in fields lol
The liziqi's action at the end  look like so happiness .But my family has only suffering. I wish my family can get the happiness like her family soon.I'm tired !!
終於等到你的視頻了 ，好想你啊！
最偉大的女人...我愛那裡的精神... Martapura South Sumatra印度尼西亞的問候
子柒的视频永远都是先赞后看～喜欢子柒！
dawn the light, I feel so pleasant & romantic with this beautiful Li Ziqi vibes.....feeling wandering in deep forest .....are you coming with me  !
哈哈饭后的投壶（pitch-pot) 真的将传统进行到底了
If one day, I don’t care about “success “ nice house , fancy car, good income,and world traveling .....then I know I gonna have a peaceful life and mind.
He's like the Daughter of Mother Nature.
I actually missed the old ones..I think long shots are not enjoyable..just opinion..but whatever you do, I will love it so much..️
Tinggal di desa iri sama gaya dan kemewahan orang kota, tinggal di kota iri sama kenyamanan dan ketenangan di desa, 1400 tahun yg lalu padahal udah dikasih tau, apapun yg kita miliki patut kita syukuri
拍得很美！色、香、味俱全！
omg.... top trending at vietnam <3
啊啊啊啊啊晚睡的福利，我来；来来来啦！！！！！！！爱你子柒（づ￣3￣）づ╭～
Просто так надоело все плохое)) хочу смоиреть на это)
For anyone who might be confused, The couple in this video is Liziqi's cousin and they went to see grandma during the Mid-autumn festival.
Not strangers and certainly not her husband.
She pulled some Mulan-level 功夫 at the end!
This chicks culinary skills seem extraordinarily advanced for a simple farmer. 
ты  когда  нибудь устаешь? Здоровья  в  твой  дом! счастья!
子柒 找一次做「茶膳」可以吗？炖肉和作甜品？期待
Liziqi, Any chance using tea as an ingredient in your cooking please?
No se que es mas HERMOSO, tu, los paisajes de tu tierra o lo que haces
Oh man I just fought over with my bf and I headed home on my bike at 3am (just 15min distance lol)
She saved my mind.
你确定那个烤南瓜真的平平无奇吗？
Michellin is just waiting for you to make restaurant to give you three stars
见到表姐、表姐夫，好开心。
Какая-то сказочная. Нереальная девушка.
She’s smart, talented, pretty and hard working, I wanna marry her.
wish she didn’t fast-forward stuff it kinda breaks the continuity  like i would watch it even if this is 2 hours long so pls queen cut fast forwarding xo
She is like a wonder woman, who lives in wonderland, cause she can do anything
This is an incredible woman! 
I dream of being as strong both physically and spiritually!
Who is this lady
You're the best finish 
10:09 
i could look at that fire for hours
just a little note for myself: 10:09 10:09 10:09 10:09 10:09 10:09 10:09
观看朋友的视频，生活非常简单祥和。 多么美丽。 我来自越南
Какие тяжести девушка таскает?это же вредно,ну сильная,выносливая,зачем столько садить?
TITLE : the life of purple rice..i saw her in thumbnail..and 
MY HEART:life of me ..INSHAALLAH ONE DAY ...WE WILL MEET...DEAR ..
MAY ALLAH BLESS YOU WITH SO MANY HAPPINESS IN BOTH WORLDS..
Think about the camera man watching them eat all those 
等到了
我是第1萬個留言的台灣人
看得到食材的經過
鄉村風格料理食物真的很不錯

"Forever young "is the word for She 
She is a perfect role model for young girls all over the world.She is naturally pretty with little or no make-up,stylish,caring and multi-talented.
李子柒没说一句中国好，但是她却讲好了中国
9:12 那彼岸花……美呆了
My name is muhammad, I live close to Malaysia. At the last minute I was happy to laugh when I saw liziqi laugh happily
我觉得李子柒穿着越来越好看，越来越可爱了
完美女士 <3
The one person who doesn't ask us to like or subscribe but we do it anyway. ️
まってました️
Just for who do not know Lizhiqi. She started from rag to riches all by herself at the beginning. Now she has assitant and has made her own branded products for sale in addition to making this video. Her income is reported to be in the region of Yuan 10 million per year or more.
After a long day....... Atlist u uploaded vedio...





I missed ur vedio..i m ur big fan..



I am from Bangladesh.....
这花生豆是花色的！没见过。
Inshallah One day will find a girl Like this 
Allah bless you 
واوانا بجد منبهره جداااا
اانا طبعا الوحيده هنا فى الكومنتات اللى مصريه🇪🇬 صح 
مين هنا مصر ؟
I feel like she might have a helper or helpers. Impossible to do everything just by oneself.
Less than one minute posted and already 3 dislikes. how come???
引得我垂诞欲滴
Who else is watching this while lying on their bed ? ️
Damn you do a lot of physical labor, hope you gets massages regularly otherwise your body might start deteriorating faster. Please take care of your health, I love your videos.
YouTube粉丝99％都是老外，祝福你!
每当我看到她的频道时，无论别人怎么说，我都觉得自己与自然如此亲近，从不听恨人，并注意到他们与我们永远在一起，并且站在您旁边，您对见到我们最深的朋友感到非常高兴国家香奈儿（中国）在互联网上的发展如此之快中国一直是人们做或开始做的第一件事。 内心深处对中国和您的爱 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳

Měi dāng wǒ kàn dào tā de píndào shí, wúlùn biérén zěnme shuō, wǒ dū juédé zìjǐ yǔ zìrán rúcǐ qīnjìn, cóng bù tīng hèn rén, bìng zhùyì dào tāmen yǔ wǒmen yǒngyuǎn zài yīqǐ, bìngqiě zhàn zài nín pángbiān, nín duì jiàn dào wǒmen zuìshēn de péngyǒu gǎndào fēicháng gāo xīng guójiā xiāngnài'er (zhōngguó) zài hùliánwǎng shàng de fǎ zhǎn rúcǐ zhī kuài zhōngguó yīzhí shì rénmen zuò huò kāishǐ zuò de dì yī jiàn shì. Nèixīn shēn chù duì zhōngguó hé nín de ài 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
When I see her Channel everytime I feels to be so close to nature liziqi no matter what other says and never listens to the haters and noticed them we always with you and stands besides you what you do feel so happy to see a our most deeper friend Country Chanel China is growing so fast on the internet China is always on the first what they do or started to do had a blessed day liziqi 
Great love from the deep of our heart for China and for you Love from Pakistan
🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
This is how many people watching liziqi's videos before going to bed.
She just ruined the Food Network for me—amateurs!
完美
മലയാളീസ് ആരേലും ഉണ്ടോ...... 

ഉണ്ടേൽ ആ ലൈക് ബട്ടൺ അമർത്തിയെച്ചും പോ 
呵呵，玩投壺遊戲，輸的喝一杯。很好玩的樣子。
莫道女儿娇，无瑕有奇巧......
In India we have farm land if anyone wann live selfsuffiecient  life like lizque feel free to contact,farm land is near to village with good water source.
Delicious food, and friends, and laughter... oh, and Grandma's charming smile! Thank you for sharing your life with the rest of us. :)
Прекрасный фильм,и девочка умница!Очень красиво оформлено,спасибо за труд!!!
Watching your videos genuinely brings me so much of peace, thank you
You and your team Deserves huge respect..  ️️ it takes months to complete a single video . A perfect example of Patience, dedication and hard work.. 
And yes hatsoff to videography ️️
Lots of love and respect from Assam,India ️️🇮🇳
Her talent is roof-less.
Amazing!
Thank you for sharing your everyday banquet with us, the world.
When my mind is confused, video of your life always helps me. Thank you very much, you are like a cure for illness, love you.
好棒，中国的田园生活，看你的视频有一种返璞归真的感觉，很用心很努力的女子，加油！
AMAZING ️ I LOVE THIS LIFE  GOOD JOB
I really like your personality, you are a great girl. Thank you very much for your Vedio and it make me feel better 
Блин, так классно она по хозяйству хлопочет, как буд - то робот, и мужскую работу, а как красиво готовит, и подаёт на стол!!! 
兼具自然環境 美食與地方特色的藝術作品…看了之後 肚子好餓 食慾大開～好想嚐一嚐那來自自然原野的滋味…
看完之後 心裡的壓力都消除啦！
真的是很讚的藝術作品～
What a hard-working young lady. And very beautiful on top of it. She deserves a prince for her life.
i would love to eat liziqis food, it looks great
This young lady’s talent never ceases to amaze me! She has such devoted love for her Grandma.️
ليزيغي أنت مبدعة جدا، أتمنى لك السعادة والتوفيق دائما في حياتك
She is an amazing woman!
If I where to choose between living in a mansion with an expensive car and being rich between THIS kind of life, I'd obviously choose this one
如果有下辈子，我想用这样的方式去记录我们的一生。
I admire this young woman!
Hi, Greetings from Scotland ️. Have a beautiful day everyone  love watching this channel Love you all
我还是挺佩服你的 ，我和你是同龄人，但是有好多的活我都不会干。今年因为其他的原因在家里呆一年，没事就看看你的视频，蛮有意思的。
she's beautiful and talented girl I thought she's actor wow I love it
This is the meaning of real life...
I finally found the term of the life you're living, you're living the ghibli life. It's a very romantic lifestyle.
Her videos so interesting for watching. İ have watched "the life of potato" before. 
Gara gara lihat kehidupan liziqi,aq mulai nanam belakang rumah jdi apotik hdup, tq liziqi sudah menginspirasi
What a hard worker woman is she and here i' am a couch potato waiting for her videos !! ️
Am speechless..lack words to comment on lizi qi's life..
why dont we see any insects , bugs, snakes, etc on the farm or garden...love the channel btw just curious for any tips
子柒家的菜一上桌，口水与眼泪齐飞。口水是馋的，眼泪是想家了。
Are they gonna consume all their fruits and veges in the garden or maybe sell it?
I'm envious, she's already living my dream life
百看不厌啊，真是神仙姐姐
She took the meaning of "wholesome" to a whole diff level
I don't want a girl who can  take selfie photos  and  get likes on Instagram. This kinda girl is what  man needs to  search for a girl like  her 
She got those hard working hands that people think is gross but iz all hard work yalls
18:06 ماشاءالله  لو انا هفيته طار كله 
娶妻當娶李子柒  投壺乃文人雅士之酒令娛樂  厲害厲害...
懂得很多，也主要是周遭資源非常豐富，取之不盡，用之不竭。
Any Malayalees can watch this video️️️️️️️
I wish I could hit the button like a  million times. Liziqi deserves it.
اركز ع طبيعه ومنظر اركز على الشبلوط 
哈罗 李子柒，非常爱看你的作品，很希望有一天你可以做个完全没有杀生的视频，我想分享给我的素食保护动物的朋友。
No subtitles so I'm not at all sure what she's doing with stagnant rice water in a jar
嘩：真係粒粒皆辛苦
There are small puppies in almost every episode. I am a bit concerned where are grownup dogs then?
She’s different kind of breed
秋菊有佳色，裛露掇其英。
泛此忘忧物，远我遗世情。
一觞虽独尽，杯尽壶自倾。
日入群动息，归鸟趋林鸣。
啸傲东轩下，聊复得此生。
I've just started harvesting pumpkins.... in Animal Crossing XD
谁知盘中餐，粒粒皆辛苦
Wonder who's that lucky man that's gonna marry her.
我是韩国人，你的视频挺好看的
愿为岷山一朵兰，芬芳馥郁自悠然
纵然花艳三千媚，怎敌娇柒一嫣寒
Она такая умница!Непонятно,кто и почему поставили дизлайки???
16:35 “THE GLORY OF GOD” 
Is she still single now? I don't mind if I have to queue at no. 216 for her future husband...
എന്‍െറ പൊന്ന് മലയാളികളേ.....ഇവിടെ കമ്മോണ്‍.....
I can only do the things she does in minecraft 
I imagine that in the night time your body was so painfull and tired
Вот Японцы, живут же. И ни воров.ни жуликов у них нет как у нас тут,одно жульё, даже в кремле.
Сколько лет бабушке интересно? Такая весёлая, добрая..
മലയാളി ഉണ്ടോ 
She is Dianxi Xiaoge’s mentor if you guys don’t know, now you know and thank me later :)
This is the only online celebrity in the world who does not accept any advertising endorsements.
Iki ning kene kiro2 ono koncoku wong jowo ora yo 
I prefer this interesting concept than Kpop dancing thing that every Koreans are obese with !! (We see so many sames videos !! )
Any മലയാളീസ്?
She makes me feel I have no skill.
我很喜欢，继续我亲爱的，愿上帝保佑你
தமிழ்நாட்டிலிருந்து பார்க்கிறவங்க மட்டும் லைக் பண்ணுங்க。

லிசிக்கியு  அக்கா  fanz️
看到杨谷机，一下子把我拉回了童年。
who else is watching this while lying on their bed and relaxing.
여자야 ^^ 웬일이래 손도빠르고야무지네 
연기 겠지 가상 으로세상에나 사람이 아이다 ~
قاطعو المنتجات الفرنسيه ياجماعه الله يجعلها بميزان حسناتكم 
لا عاد تشترو من كارفور اكثر السلع عندهم من فرنسا 
فرنسا بينزلو مقاطع وبينشرو صور مسيئه للرسول حسبي الله عليهم 
اتمنى تقاطعو منتجاتهم لو تحبو رسولكم وحبيبكم وشفيعكم في اخرتكم محمد صل الله عليه وسلم
李子柒的院子是百宝圆
‏يقول الله عز وجل:
‏يا ابن آدم لو بلغت ذنوبك عنان ​السماء
‏ ثم استغفرتني لغفرت لك.
‏استغفرالله العظيمَ واتوبَ اليه
‏استغفرالله العظيم واتوب اليه
‏استغفرالله العظيمَ واتوبَ اليه
‏استغفرالله العظيم واتوب اليه
别人视频，都是一万两万的观看。甚至一些著名电视台的节目，也就最多十来万二十几万的观看，你的视频是上千万的观看。。。到底大家还是喜欢平和宁静的东西的。
We can eat because of God's favors and then his favor
معقولة اني اول عربي يعلق بهذي القناة
مدري ليش احس بنفسي صرت كريستوفر كولومبوس 
9:00 she climbed a tree wearing rain boots, independent woman unlike western women..
3 days later and the Korean bots are still spamming  now i see how cyberbullying originated on Korea, they should claim it on UNESCO too
Amazing 
I hope when she wants to get marry..her husband should b like her v hard working..
子柒很会花心思，红花奶奶开心
I cannot image that LOL wish hear your guys in real life. Anyone agrees with me ?
There is something oddly soothing about this..
Maybe she's the only woman who doesn't need a man in her life...
I mean,there's nothing she can't do...
Why is that we dont see any insects on the plants or the trees in your garden...I thought there would be more bugs...how do u keep them away???
Watched this video until finished, and then clicked another video of her at end screen.
After that, I clicked her profile, and i can't believe myself I watched another her videos..
Let me out of here ...please...
This video make happy and like this life of farmer !!
如果能吃上一顿你做的饭就好了
Who else is tired of US politics and come here to get peace?
Penonton Indonesia angkat tangan 
谁喜欢越南菜
العربي يحط لايك حته نعرف شكد نسبه العرب اهنا
Пусть того, кто читает данное сообщение.Не заденут никакие болезни и несчатья.Желаю только добра и успехов
干农活真累，插一天秧腰部都直不起来，再也不要干农活了。
方宅十余亩，草屋八九间。榆柳荫后檐，桃李罗堂前。
暧暧远人村，依依墟里烟。狗吠深巷中。鸡鸣桑树颠。
看到亲戚来了，蹦蹦跳跳像个小兔子。
ഈശ്വരാ... ഭാഗവാനെ.... നല്ലത് ചെയ്താൽ നല്ലത് കിട്ടണമേ 
This is more than a Paradise """"""
This is how many people watching liziqi's videos before going to bed.
മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ
9:12 reminds me of Tokyo Ghoul
..
The boys will line up when she agrees to the marriage.
You can see her hands not smooth and always dirty. This is the real life and a hardworking peasant.
คนไทย🇨🇷🇨🇷อยู่ไหนขอเสียงหน่อยค่ะหลงประเทศกลับไม่ถูกแล้ว🇨🇷🇨🇷
I from Indonesia, love liziqi... Strong women
Dislike people, who support you? Who are you? Are you human?
മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ? 
한국인 나와라
മലയാളീസ് ആരും ഇല്ലേ?
Anyone wants to marry her ....
Me the most beautiful women on the planet
Who else love Chinese culture?

I’ll pick this kind of woman more than american   women  all day
李子柒，我是新订阅者，我多多支持你。在小学看到您的视频，我心想：唉...多希望住在那边多好！不用受东南亚的热气，也不用担心冠状病毒。我好爱好爱你哦️加油，再多一点视频！
Li Zi Qi, I am your new subscriber, I really appreciate your videos. While in primary school I watched your videos, I was thinking: I wish to live my life there and work! I won't have to feel the heat of Southeast Asia, and I won't have to be worried about COVID-19. I really really love your content ️ Good job, keep going, make more videos! 
《四時令》
春風梅雨翠氛凝，
夏日蘭英馨逸盈。
秋迎菊月如詩畫，
冬雪竹林邀偕行。
⚘
七絕/仁義·Eric Li

#IU知恩詩風雅韻集by仁義EricLi
malayalees undoo.... ️
看着丰收的农作物就是莫名的幸福。这应该就是中国人身上的基因吧！
Ividem malayalees indo ?
