''5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...''
23:23 Hermosa elección 😘 Topgirls.Uno de los mejores conciertos ❤

23:23  Senada: ''Hermoso''
23:23  Megan: ''Hotter''
23:23  Hopi: ''Sweeter''
23:23  Joonie: ''Cooler''
23:23  Yoongi: ''Butter''
23:23  Amor: ''Momentos''
23:23  Alfiora: ''Preety''
23:23  Alana: ''Awesome''

23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente 🖤.
3 years later, this is still one of my favorite videos she has ever made<3
Pena não ter a receita em português.
Aqui no Brasil,essa fruta chama se toranja.
Não paro de assistir seus vídeos, quanto mais vejo, mais quero vê. Parabéns, você e maravilhosa...
Tried this recipe with the grapefruit and lemons in my garden! Absolutely delicious 🍋🍊
Can’t believe there are people disliking her videos!! She’s one of a kind!! God bless her and her granny 🙏💜
Que linda ❤️
O vídeo dela muito bom eu sou brasileiro🇧🇷
Soy mexicano. Este video me hizo añorar a mi Abuela Delfina, una mujer que vivió 95 años como campesina. Cocinaba muy sabroso. Y entre su comida estaba el hacer con un tipo de naranja que se da en la población de Atezcapan una mermelada casi igual a la que se observa, excepto que en vez de usar azúcar blanca y miel usaba panela, que es el jugo de caña de azúcar directo del trapiche contenido en moldes de barro en forma de cono hasta que solo quedaban los cristales del dulce. Lo hacía en: Samana Santa, Navidad y Año Nuevo.  Y este se come con pan de pueblo, sobre todo el de trigo entero. Gracias por el recuerdo.
Uauuuu que delícia 😋 hummm deu vontade de comer, parabéns pela receita maravilhosa, Deus abençoe sempre linda Liziqi 😘💖🌹🥰😍💞
Who are these people who dislike these wonderful videos? These videos are packed with true beauty, the flowers, the fruit, the mountians, the lovely house, the fantastic gardens, the amazing food dishes, and the lovely hard working lady herself. These videos are great for teaching people how to cook and enjoy healthy  food choices. I love all her very fine videos very much, I watch them daily to visit with her and the fine nation of China so I can learn  about their wonderful culture. Thanks LizIqi  your are a wonderful lady with the skills of many great masters, with Love  from Canada!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Admiro sua cultura!
Incrível como os legumes é frutas em seu pais são grandes .
Спасибо, дорогая Ли, за твои прекрасные видосики, за то, что сплотила нас всех в одну большую семью. Хочу тоже попробовать сварить варенье из помело.
In Indonesia, we called it "Jeruk Bali", jeruk means orange fruit in english, so we often eat it just the way we eat an orange😆
Amo seus vídeos 💗
Amo seu trabalho amo o jeito que vc cuida da sua vó ❤️
Vc é maravilhoso ❤️😘
Brasília Bahia Barreiras
I watch one of her videos every night before I go to bed because they’re just so comforting
What I appreciate the most, is your demonstrations of nature,  and our interaction with nature. 
The seasons, the planting of food, harvesting,  and turning nature's bounty into our daily meals.
This is way I would love to live.
Muchas felicidades por todo lo que elaboras me gustaría que pusieras las recetas en español ya que todo se me antoja
''5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...''
I love Liziqi's videos. She knows so many things. I must say she's multi talented. I feel touched to see how she cooks for her grandma. She showcase the traditional Chinese life and I really love the way she shows it. I have seen people criticising her but I hope Li won't be bothered by them. ❤加油!
5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente...
Thank you for the translations! I love your channel.
Me encantan tus vídeos saludos de Monterrey Nuevo León México 💖
Soy de las que me aburro con un vídeo que no hablan la música de fondo es tranquila pero estos vídeos sí o espectaculares en todo desde música como hacen la grabación la calidad me gustan mucho ❤
I like how she harvests the big pomelo fruit with care and perfection.

Thank you dear beautiful Chinese lady, and her production team !
We have learned a lot for how to cook nice desserts with the citrus fruits ♡♡♡
It's still so cool to watch when the ingredients and the style of cooking is so similar to my hometown. Though we are form diff countries 💜🤭
It’s worth watching, how she appreciates everything from animals to wild plants, she makes good use of them.
Nothing goes waste in nature ❤️❤️❤️
We also have pomelo tree at my home, but it's the pink one.
Thank you so much for the video, I'll try this ❤️
I read some where that this fruit has some wonderful healing properties. The best thing about fruit trees and berry bushes & vines , is that they are prolific produces as they age, and they only ask to be kept healthy and be given the right nutrients from time to time.. Thank you Liziqi for continuing to share your life with us, I appreciate these wonderful video's.
I actually just made this at home! Had to use two pomelos, and it took an awful lot of time to thicken, but it turned out to be great! I will put it on pancakes :D Thank you for the recipe!
Me encanta ver sus videos. Antes de dormirme siempre veo algunos., son tan relajantes.
Realmente fadas existe,...e sabe cozinhar..
Maravilhosa.  Brasil.
eres una maestra! me encantan todos tus videos increible!!!!
Hayranım sizin sakin sakin uğraşlarınıza, hem çok temiz hem görsel bir şölen
Watching this brought back many good memories, I remember me and my mum sitting on the floor eating Pomelo on a Sunday afternoon 🥺
Fico encantada com sua criatividade, você é uma gracinha de pessoa, por todos vídeos seus que assisti até o momento, só tenho elogios pra você. Parabéns, tudo perfeito 🙂😍
Это невероятно красиво. Я живу в промышленном городе с кучей заводов и такая красота меня успокаивает не хуже таблеток.
I cannot sleep without watching her video, I watch at least one of her video before I go to bed. I feel relaxed and give me a good night sleep.
Olá,sou do Brasil ,amo esses vídeos.e essas trilhas sonoras dão maravilhosas !transmitem uma paz ! parabéns querida ! você é muito talentosa e muito linda!
Love the song. Love the videos. It's amazing to see different cultures from the perspective of a country girl.
meu canal favorito ❤
Gosto muito  de seus vídeos   gostaria  se possível  desse para traduzir para o Português  💕💕🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
This channel randomly appeared on my feed a few months ago. I am now an avid subscriber. She has not only brought joy to others, and blessed many with her talents, she has taught thousands of others about her way of life and culture. She is a hidden gem amongst wild roses ❤️
Watching this after 2019 videos were like before and after photos, from her looks to video productions, it has changed and progressed so much. Can't wait to watch more! Love from the Philippines ♡
we have those kind of pomelo 🥰 i love these. they dont really follow season. they fruit whenever they want. clear meat but juicy and sweet .
Мне так нравится смотреть за жизнью этой девушки. Какая она молодец!!!!
I'm from India(Tripura)  love to watch your vlogs... Me and my grandma used to watch. So relaxing music 🎶. In our language we used to call this fruit JAMBURA😁...
I have just no words. Your videos are so relaxing. I always watch your video at night, sleeping on the bed, forgetting all the stress. I must say your videos are the bestest medicine for stress and tension. From Nepal.🇳🇵♥️♥️
It's amazing to see how far the filming has gone, from camera angles to clarity to sound. Bravo!!
This channel popped up on my feed and I'm so in awe of this woman
😍😍😍 me encanta este canal 🤗🤗🤗 saludos desde México 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Thank you for this video makes me feel so relaxed and contented to the simplicity of life. Still blessed despite the circumstances. Hope to see more vids of you😊🤗
Estoy sumamente encantada poder leerlos en español. Me encantan sus videos!
I never knew that the peel of pomelo can also be eaten. I'm falling in love with this woman.  So amazing.
hermoso saludos desde ECUADOR a todos tienes un seguidor mas para este hernoso canal
Não sei como vim parar aqui, mas adorei, ganhou uma inscrita. Parabéns ❤️
Красотка! И все, что делает, очень красиво и аппетитно! Умничка!
I am instantly hooked on this girl's videos! Thank you and hello from America! PS, I REALLY  wish there were subtitles, but I get the gist of what you're doing...
I got to say I love your videos and you're a very strong and very talented woman I wish there were more women like you in the world I'm not going to say anything bad but I wish I had somebody like you as my wife I wouldn't mind working hard just to come back to have a good delicious organic meal with my loving wife and family I hope a good man would love you just the way you love making your art in cooking
Acho lindo os vídeos dela, mas tô esperando pra ver o que ela ensina a fazer pastel de flango com catupili
This kind of content should be encouraged more !
It's how to make pomelo jam ! Thanks for the recipe ! I noticed that soaking  in salty water is needed to get rid of peel bitterness..😂
Have followed you since the first time you made bamboo furniture
Enjoy the calming music and elegant way you prepare things you're videos are timeless as you are many copy cats but you are a true original
Thank you
Best channel, best farmer, best home make, best garden, best cook... All in one. Who agree with me ?
Todo lo que haces es perfecto!  Te amo
Que musiquinha boa estou quase dormindo 😪😪 estou relaxando 😪😪 Boa noite 😚😍
Thank you 🙏 for the sub titles ❤️
Just by watching you and hearing this music makes me smile in the midst of hard day 😊.. Wish I could be your friend ( I think my wish is the impossible wish I've ever wished 😐 )....  Thank you Li Ziqi for your very hard effort and never give up spirit on making your videos. I know all your struggles and sacrifices in the beginning...thank you Li Ziqi for the love you have shown and shared in all of your videos. The love from the deepest of your purest heart........🍁Warmest hugs from Jakarta, Indonesia. Jesus Christ bless you and your grandma abundantly 🙏🌹🌷
This is another incredibly good, brilliant, beautiful, and INSPIRING video from Ms. Liziqi (who is also beautiful, hardworking, and brilliant.).  We over here in Los Angeles, love your videos so much.  The videos are also very therapeutic, soothing, and relaxing.  Thank you so much for sharing all your videos, and for all your hard work. 👍🙏❤💕❤💕❤💕❤💕❤💕❤💕❤❤💕
Девочка прямо чудо какое-то! Такая работящая, все умеет, по-моему нет ничего, что она не смогла бы! А какая красавица!
Finally there's a fruit in her video that actually grows in my house ! Something familiar !
Esta hermosa muchachita, me inspira a preparar comidas con lo poco que yo tengo gracias princesa por tus hermosos vídeos, me gustan mucho siempre aprendo algo, Diós te bendiga higul, a tu sbuelita.
Wow ... simply amazing . They r really blessed that they r living with nature .
All your videos are amazing. Whenever i feel stress, I always go to your channel 💕😘
Que fruta linda.
Thank you so much, 李子柒 !  Every morning I watch one of your videos and it makes me happy. I get hope again and I feel calm. You are amazing !!  Best wishes for you and granny.
When I see your video with English subtitles, I feel more appreciated, connected and happier. Apologise that I don’t speak Chinese.💜 from EEST
i just found this channel, and I freaking like the content.. it's calming, relaxing, and satisfying to watch 😍
Pomelo fruit is one of my favorite. Having this mixed with powdered  perila seeds with some salt, sugar and chilli powder during winter with the whole family in the sun is just ❤. Brings back so much memory. One of the things that I enjoy the most during winter.💕
Hola me gustan tus vídeos son muy relajantes y entretenidos . Saludos desde argentina 🇦🇷🇦🇷😍 💐💙🤩
Bom dia graça é paz do senhor Jesus Cristo. 
Que fruta é está?.
E maravilhosa aqui no Brasil eu nuca vi.
Subtitulado en español por favor gracias 👏👏👍💐
That's fantastic. I have candied pomelo peel before, I am going to try this next when I can find another pomelo. Sadly they are rare where I live, and one fourth the size of the one she used!
Me encantaría que tuvieran subtítulos en español 🙌♥️
Wow, it's is Good to see all this Chinese tradition and cooking techniques
With full of profession and hardware
With love and regards for most upcoming video like this
Sencillamente maravillosa y la música bastante relajante.
Isso é ter riqueza, o resto é inversão de valores ! És merecedora de cada inscrito ! Sou sua Fã @Liziqi
One of the reasons I sooo love this channel is because it reminds me of my childhood. I remember my Grandma had pomelo trees in her backyard and we just pick the fruits from there whenever we want as long as it's the pomelo season. 😍
Felicitaciones excelente 👏👍
🌎🌴
Doce de Laranja Cidra.Muito apreciado em minha região (Serra da Ibiapaba - Ceará).
Да, это сейчас, в 2020-м году Lizigi бегает по дому и огороду как электровеник, а в 2017-м всё было неторопливо, душевно, с любованием. Смотрю её ролики уже полгода и почему-то первоначальный вариант мне нравится больше. Может быть потому, что гонку и суету и так вижу вокруг себя, а хочется размеренности, душевности в этой жизни...
In the darkness of the Coronavirus outbreak, I come here to have a piece of peaceful time. 
Thank you LiZiQi.
Parabéns amore que Deus te abençoe sempre 🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️😘
I'm from Brazil and I love watching your channel (｡ ･ ω ･｡) ﾉ ♡
Qual o nome desta fruta? Interessante 🤗um beijo do Brasil 😘
That girl reminds me of the most beautiful and good woman I met, my wife who is in heaven. It is very similar in their faces and their gestures. She worked hard and always surprised me with beautiful details, and I lived to make her feel that she was a queen.

Thank you for this video, the truth is that I like to see all the things you do, because it is nice to see the love that puts your work. I wish you many blessings.
I'm not a fan of marmalade, never had the taste nor desire for it .. but damn
hers looked inviting!!  Made me want to run out and look for the nearest 
pomelo tree, pick a few and try my own .. the marmalade and tea. 😊
У Вас прекрасный вкус,получаю от ваших роликов эстетическое наслаждение😊
This video gave me chills of happiness just thinking about the delicious honey pomelo.  Thank you!  :)
I think all i do these months is watching her vids, thankyou liziqi ! 😊
This is similar to Honey Citron Tea that i just found out about a few months ago. I love it!!!
We eat ripe pomelo raw its very tasty when u mix them with salt ,sugar,pepper ,roasted and powdered black sesame seeds.When u mix them all together applying a little force the juice coming out from it is so tasty
Amazing recipe...Wonderful screenplay.. good job👏👏👏👏❤️❤️❤️
This looks so delicious, my mouth started watering!! 🤤🤤
I do not like jam, but it looks delicious when watching your cooking ❤️  Background music so nice ❤️
Вкусное  будет варенье! спасибо за доставленные удовольствие!
Very relaxing seeing her videos😍
Её видео вдохновляет впечатляет и ты понимаешь насколько безграничны силы человека и дары природы!!
Quisiera ver los vídeos traducidos al español latino
Cant stop watching her videos...so relaxing..love u so much...❤❤
Не пойму тех, кто против! Не смотрите! Мне нравится! Хозяйственная девушка! А как она ухаживает за бабушкой!!!
If only she could be my younger sister 😊
Doing this, doing that and picking fruits, tasting delicious food is content😊
Thank you for the English subtitles!
My form of relaxation during the  lockdowns due to COVID 19 pandemic. When it is over, I am still going to watch these vids as they will form part of the throwback. Bless you Liziqi❣️
Maravilhoso. Parabéns.
I love her all videos.... And not getting bored to watch it again and again 😍
Que belleza, que lugares tan fértiles, gracias a Dios.
Thank you for providing English subtitles. Love all your videos... keep going 👍
In India it is called Chakotra, it is eaten like orange, sometimes with salt and some spices, sweets and pickles are also made from it.
Oh lord!!!! Thank you so much for putting down the recipe. I dont know if I will be able to find pamelo where I am from but if I do i will definitely try this. Love it and once again thank you 😍
Velho os filhos desse garota nunca vão passar fome seriao tudo que tem essa garota aproveita
I have this fruit just in front of my home 😁 but I had never try this recipe
Люблю смотреть❤🌹красивая и милая девушка.спасибо вам за такие чулесные нужные видео.
Your videos are so aesthetically pleasing and comforting....also your beautiful culture.....fan from India
Que delicioso acá a esta fruta deliciosa lo llamamos toronja acá en la selva Pucallpa Perú. Y que delicioso le quedó la mermelada. Lo preparare haber si me sale así de delicioso como se ve en el video.
My days are not complete without watching her videos.....m like obsessed with your videos like everything u do is just awesome n real 😍😘keep on doing this...❤
Searching ziqi's old videos after watched full of her videos frm 2yrs.. 🥰🥰✌️👍falling in love with her videos... 🥰🥰✌️
I wonder if she sells the seeds to these wonderful fruit trees? Id love to try and grow one.
LI ZIQI vai além do que é humano e possível! Ela é poderosa, espetacular e fora do natural quando faz do ambiente em que está o lugar para o seu trabalho, para a sua criação, para a sua invenção artesanal e para a sua criação artística. Quer esteja na roça de milho, quer esteja na lavoura de trigo, quer esteja no pomar ou na cozinha, seja em qualquer lugar a LI ZIQI FAZ MILAGRE, FAZ MÁGICA. Ela é um fenômeno inimitável! Eu só tenho que lhe dar meus parabéns.
    Fabre-Brasil.
I love this channel so much, I just wish you had a description in English so I can understand what's happening :)
子柒姐姐 請你一定要加油 雖然我是台灣人 但我看到你的付出 祝福你 你要加油 別受任何匪言匪語去影響了你
Cảnh quay & chất lượng video rất đẹp chị ạ..!!! ❤️😍😍😍
Naturally the richest 🥰 I love nature,  flowers, birds,  foods, music. And this video completes it❤❤❤
Thanks for English update 👍. Love you and your cooking style. I hope you update your all recipes in English or Arabic language. Thanks. And God bless 🙏🙌 you.
Before  go to bed i watched of her videos, i feel relaxed  i really admire her skills.
Красивая девушка, потрясающая композиция Joe Hisaishi, восхитительная природа!!! Всё очень вкусно и великолепно!!! Атмосфера спокойствия и уюта после просмотра. Моё почтение...From Russia with love!)))
Watching her videos is like meditation...😇
This channel is my stress reliever and my sleeping pills keep it up Liziqi❤ loveyou❤
How I wish have been born your daughter, been learn with you all those things you do, and lived just like this! It would be a paradise!
I must say chinese villagers like her are amazing, it's first time i watch someone who can make dishes from an Orange. Nah in my country we call that fruit (pomelo) "Jeruk Bali". Jeruk = Oranges
Me encanta esa melodia, siempre veo los videos y me calman la ansiedad
I already watched almost of her videos and this was the first time that she looked at the camera unconsciously, and it's so cute it seems like this was her first video XD
Her vedios are so calming ❤️🖤
I never saw such large citrus fruit anywhere..  And that jam like food seems very delicious... Love from kerala(india)
Why so many dislike?  I really enjoy watching her videos, very relaxing and peaceful.
Ella vive en un paraíso 😘😘😘
Miss, if you are reading this comment than I'm very grateful to inform you that, I'm a viewer of yours from India. In india I'm from North East, and our culture , food, cooking process is exactly same as yours. Maybe some differences but almost quite everything is same. Whenever I watch your videos it reminds me of our North east culture. You are going so well keep going
The most beautiful YouTube channel I had ever seen.May god bless you both.with lots of love and respect from  INDIA.
Ésta chica vive en un paraíso no tiene que comprar nada en el super....todo lo coge de ahí mismo....y desde pequeña la han enseñado a trabajar la tierra y ya es toda una matriarca de su propio terruño......refresca la vista esta mujer.......es un placer verla....hacer cosas necesarias ...entre tanto bullicio de la ciudad...y tanta gente y tanto ruido......eso es el paraíso..... FELICIDADES y bendiciones.........🙏💕
Умница. Успокаивает. Очень сказочно.спасибо.))))
Admirável Liziqui
Maravilhoso video. From Brasil.
i really miss your videos so much miss liziqi i hope that you can start and make more videos again i always waiting for your new video
Esta es un fenomeno, eso si es trabajo de calidad, es una maravilla de mujer
Viendo este hermoso video y a la hermosa chica☀️🇨🇳, extraño mi Perú☀️🇵🇪🦁, toda la naturaleza☀️⛰️🏔️🌴🌱🌳🌲🌲🌲 y la comida natural sobre todo con NARANJAS☀️🍋 y TORONJAS☀️🍊, deseo volver a China☀️🇨🇳, saludos y bendiciones desde krangi Singapur☀️🇸🇬 de un joven Peruano que extraña su amada Patria☀️🇵🇪🦁.
I love her videos. I wish she would do one on how she keeps her hair so long and silky
I love it!!! Thank you for making this video.
Is anyone else just in love with the pottery she has?
Я в восторге! Очень талантлиаы, добры!
Look so amazing😊...Firts time i watched laziqi video i already interested, we can see how beautiful nature in the world, i hope i will be can make beautiful garden like you laziqi😍in my future home ... Love you from Indonesia💙
Muito bom
I am addicted to her beauty and simplicity 😍
Amazing video Li Ziqi. Keep up the great work.
Me encanta disfruto mucho todo lo que hace Ojalá algún día traduzcan al español muchas muchas gracias 😊🤗🤗🤗
Какая же она трудяжечка!Умничка!
No se como llegué aquí 
Pero lo que si se es que el contenido está interesante💜
Muy bueno programa 😎🙏😍
I was attracted by these fruits by each of her episodes and thinking about how she is going to deal with them, now I have the answer, lol, it is very cheerful to watch all your videos, thanks 每次看视频看到这些西柚都在想，什么时候能开吃😁
Que lindo video amiga felicitaciones
The spirited away music got me. :D These videos are so peaceful...and this wonderful Chinese lady is beautiful and multi-talented.
Yo me encanta tus videos son inceibe me encanta como cosinas  y las manualidades 😀😀😀
Здорово! Обязательно приготовлю! Спасибо вам за ваши фильмы!
Релакс полнейший!
С уважением Казахстан!👏👏👏
Whenever am sad I always come here then I feel relaxed this is beautiful 💜
本是韓風的柚子蜂蜜，但李子柒的另具一格，好想嚐一口，謝謝💐🌴👏
Que hermosa !!!!
The delicate composition of these videos makes my heart feel so calm and relaxed. A contentment I only seem to find through Asian cultures though...
this is sooo delicious !!!thank you Liziqi !!!
I love yr videos! They bring so much joy. Pls keep making them. 😍😍😍
Me gustan estos videos por que me tranquilisan y amo ala naturaleza
Me gusta mucho ver tus vídeos
La verdad es que los disfrutó
Esa música me trae muchos recuerdos
Tus vídeos son geniales
El song es de el viaje de chigiuro
Si no me equivoco
Saludos y feliz año nuevo 2020
Pomelo is called jambura in our country 💚
Que bueno que a estos programas les pongan los nombres de lo materiales para poder así uno las reservas me fascina me encantaría poder hacerlas muchas gracias y felicitaciones
I really love the music it’s just so relaxing
Am i the only one who fallin' in love with all of her video?
I am amazed of this recipe of you. I just don't believe that  pomelo could be used to make this such amazing recipe, well it looks jam to me.
I always wondered what I could do with a pomelo...
Now I know 💗
I love you Lizqi. You are my inspiretion.Lots of love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩😘😘😘
Pomelo is one of my favorite fruits. 😊
The most positive and relaxing video everrrrrr ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
So cute.. Every day you playing, cook, and life with nature .. It's so amazing Masyaallah😍
All of your videos make me happy. thank you for making them.
EXELENTE!!! deliciosa mermelada de sidra
I love Asian cuisine and food culture. Unbelievably healthy. I wish we could go back to this kind of healthy. I eat a lot of Asian foods amd spices. Constantly trying to become healthier
ты большая молодец 👍
thank you for the delightful recipe's and lovely filming hope you keep it going love and thanks from norway❤❤👍
чудесный сад, и девушка☺прямо как в сказке
how can she have all these amazing plants and trees and stuff all around her, damn nature is hella amazing
I love u so much liziqi,you have brought so much peace and happiness to my soul, I can't explain by words, you are a true angel, there are people who have started to copy you and your channel, but don't worry about that, always remember you are The original liziqi, The original beautiful and hard working, lovely mountain girl, and always will be, you are a star and always will be for your simplicity, and beauty....... they are copycats, don't let them ruin your peace of mind and your beautiful life.... God bless you girl!!!
Что за девушка просто супер. Видео все шикарные просто релакс .
Would love to see her brew a cup of the tea at the end!
Alguém sabe o nome dessa fruta do início?
Как же приятно смотреть!!!
Ước gì chị để dòng nguyên liệu bằng Tiếng Việt, để em có thể làm theo công thức của chị❤️
Hey... Thanks for English subtitles... Love your work... From India
We call it "rabab tenga”(ৰবাব টেঙা) in our assam. But i have not any idea about this recipe and now i will try it in my home❤️
De lo blanco de tu melón se hace dulce también  y nosotros la llamamos toronja bendiciones  desde Rochester NY Estados Unidos bendiciones 💐🌼🌻🌺🌹🏵🌎👑😍🦋🌳🌿🙌🔥📖
I am a lover of Chinese cuisine culture, it is interesting to combine my appetite with culture.
i love pomelos and this is the first time I saw that it can cooked thats look delicious like that <3
Мне так наравится что она делает так приятно 😍😍😍
Looks really yummy😋😋😋.....
Tnks for sharing this recipie with us😊
Qué dulce más rico se hace con eso! En Cuba lo llamamos limones cidra!
Beautiful. I watch these every night! Heart warming too. Thank you.
The pomelo, pummelo, or in scientific terms Citrus maxima or Citrus grandis, is the largest citrus fruit from the family Rutaceae and the principal ancestor of the grapefruit.

I had no clue what that giant fruit was...
That looks so good i wanna try some of  it
I love this recipe.
Am from Chennai (India) really I love dis girl  & ur channel so much amazing talented girl amazing place plz give English subtitles it's useful 😍😍😍😘😘
VC   TEM   PAI   E MÃE   AMOOO  VE VC CUIDAR DA SUA VOVÓ  BJUS  MINHA  LINDA  FICA COM DEUS
看早期的影片更覺得李子柒孝順，拍影片賺了錢先用在家人身上，把奶奶住的破舊老屋一點一點的整修成現在舒適漂亮的小院子
Love the music background. So relaxing while watching this video during movement control order.
Quá hay,quá xuất sắc, đảm đang quá, cuộc sống thật yên bình.
Me encanta cuando ases tus videos con tu abuelita
Who would have thought a YouTube channel could provide so much peace & tranquility.
Chị cũng đã xin, và lại biết nấu ăn ngon
As Chinese, I like my culture day after day. 
I like posting blog with a short poem and some words from ancient Chinese poems.
There is no other words to describe Chinese culture except unique and marvelous.
特别喜欢柚子茶里的柚子皮，甜中带点儿涩，喝甜的多了也不腻。
柚子皮：果肉=1:8，子柒推荐的这个比例太好啦！

又、千と千尋のBGMも、柒ちゃんの動画と本当に合いますね＾＾
I've see a lot of her videos and i am just thinking how can she plant a variety of fruit trees like that. Does she have lots of land for planting?
Ой какая красота, как аппетитно выглядит, наверно это самое вкусное варенье.
for whom haven't taste this before, you just need to dilute it into warm water and then enjoy.
Your video reminds me of a very beautiful woman in my life and she is my Mother... she was very hard-working like her and very beautifully she performs her every work ..... thank you so much liziqi that you are sharing your beautiful videos.... they are my love ... please never stop sharing your videos
以前我家后院有一颗密柚树，老好吃了，皮还可以翻糖做皮片，很甜，很好吃
My sister has a Pomelo Tree in their backyard and it's really sweet.
I love to have someone like her 😁
In india it is known as 'chakotra' and i love it😋
Adoro ver seus videos responde miga 🌻🍀😘
我真的很喜歡中國，它有非常美麗的文化。
蜂蜜柚子茶めっちゃ好き～😋😍💕
This wold be the best cooking show. This should be on Netflix
I am from Bangladesh.  I like your video.  they are so natural.  but I can't understand anything.  if you kindly try to add English sub,  then we really thankful to you.💜💜
All the top chefs use different types of knives (and expensive ones too) for different purposes but liziqi uses just one simple knife to use to all her cookings
像此女子这样懂中国传统，热爱返璞归真，懂生活的真的太少，每每看到她的视频，都能使我的心境安定下来，谢谢你！
作为一个北方人，柚子是我最爱吃的水果，只可惜我们这边没有，真的好羡慕李子柒家门口有一颗柚子树
Gracias, delicioso.
One of my favourite youtube channels❤
I just found out this channel. It's crazy! Too good to be true... I wish I could have lived like this!
Her videos is so damn satisfying..
Thanks for everything could you please show us how to make sugar rocks please 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Here, in Brazil, it's called "POMELO".
شي رائع 💛
Musik nya menenangkan,cara memetik hasil bumi dan mengolahnya begitu mengesankan,liziqi salam dari Indonesia
I'm interested in how she either obtains or makes the rock sugar she uses in her videos...
Isso me dá paz...
Inspiring watching your videos! 💕Nothing like a home food from scratch.😃👍 Have a great weekend from a new Youtuber in Dubai!😘🇦🇪
모든것이 너무 너무 사랑스러워요.
매일매일 보면서 힐링합니다~^^♡
I really² love your videos 😍
amazing music which makes me happy,and liziqi work i appreciate her hard work,her videoa makes me stressfree
I was bored then I think watching YouTube might help to take out the boredom,  then  I saw this video in the list. I click and watch,  WOW I was amazed!  Thanks I found this😍
She's so amazing !🥰
Liziqi.. I watchd all ur videos... Now what will I watch further... So much addicted to u... Love you. 
From India 🇮🇳
1:21 Eargasm! The sound of freshly harvested fruits! 💘
That was the biggest citrus fruit I've ever seen
Love from India
This video is so beautiful I don't even care that the title says tea and she made jam.
I hope to see a translation into Arabic on your channel in order to explain your recipes and thinking, since your channel has progressed in the number of views
Chị Lý Tử Thất ơi chị làm giỏi quá, vừa xinh đẹp vừa giỏi lại cong tốt bụng nữa
This is a video of all the beauty of heaven.
Isn't this the most beautiful in China? I am doing.
I think it's a heavenly scene where beautiful people in beautiful scenery, who keep beautiful traditions and have beautiful minds live.
I hope everyone in the world will see this beautiful video and see our nature and our beautiful holiday and be filled with good ideas to maintain tradition and preserve beauty.
Like that lady in the video💕💕💕🌱🌿
Looking so tasty 😋🤤🤤
I like to eat this with chilli powder and salt only 😋
E rất hâm mộ c lắm vừa đẹp lại vừa giỏi nữa 😍😍
I just love this music nd ur channel nd videos r addictive 👍💯
Унесённые призраками😍 какая прелесть!
We in Assam,India eat pamelo fruit mix with ghost chillies,salt etc.I like your way also.👍👍
Here in Brazil there is a similar fruit. The name is coité, but it is a gourd. It is a gourd tree.
What is the name of this fruit?
Her videos always make me wanna cry & with the calm music..ohh i can't..i don't know why..i just love it😍😩😣
Que fruta é essa?😱😍
I learn a lot thank you liziqi for sharing this beutiful videos 😊💓🙏
I wanna live my life one day like u I think its literally its heaven
This is the first time ever liziqi looked into camera 😍😍     0:16....
Какая красота!...
watching ur video make me feels like I am in a pleasant n fresh place where place air water  fruits n everything r available it feel so good...
Eres una mujer extraordinaria y linda y muy dulce muy inteligente
Giant grapefruit :) I love it :)
Liziqi, you should this as your theme sound. I got hooked after watching one of your video with this sound.
USA. My husband and I both watch your channel. And we stay with your channel. I am so sorry to see people pretending to be you, on utube! Its really sad, they have no life of their own, to promote. 
Thank you, LiZiqi and Grandmother for allowing us to peek into your lives. I love the farm and your garden and the grape arbor! Always waiting for the next video. Love to Grandmother, she looks like my Mom did. 
Did they really give you a car? I hope so! It would help you out, with farm. 
Much love and respect, from an older farm girl. KK
In Bru people languages.... this fruit name is "" Jambra""....👍 love from india
0.17 cute, when she looks directly at the camera❤
Stories without words 💓 
 Seems like i am watching heaven on earth.
Even though i don't like pomelo it still looks delicious
She's just sharing the knowledge through the years of her life; And that's what even by bringing her to be a millionaire... -I'm from PHILIPPINES with LOVE!
Wuaaao k hemocion la naturaleza k lindo lugar y fertil
Love your channel!! 😍👍💕
Omg the colossal cousin of the common orange fruit!!!

Also, Liziqi is a Ghibli character and that's why her anthem is the Spirited Away soundtrack
Una manera de preparar las frutas hacerla concervas me gusta
好，據說柚子皮內含柑橘精油，可於夏季用作成天然蚊香，不知蜜柚是否也具有此功效~但我也想喝蜂蜜柚子茶😋😋😋
I love your cooking..😍😍😘🥰
The scene of nature and the things she present gives me a relaxing time watching videos from her. Added to that is the soothing music playing in the background.
In Indonesia we call that grapefruit (Jeruk Bali). Is that the same orange or not?

She always uses the whole piece of fruit or other foodstuffs
Awesome video it is ,,, daily I will watch your videos and then only I'll sleep ,,, not only me my sister mom will join with me ,, such an amazing videos .... LOVE FROM INDIA. All the best sister
Помелка нямки , только мы её не варим, очищаем и сразу кушаем
PLEASE WE WANT TO KNOW ALL THE RECIPES JUST TO DO IT, GIVE US THE DETAILS TO HOW WE COOK THE FOOD, PLEASE PUT THE RECIPES ON ENGLISH
Addictive and thoughtful! Every video better than the last! ♥️♥️🌱♥️♥️
Pardon me , but where is this homestead? .....must be Paradise!
One thing about watching her videos is that I got the knowledge of using the fruits peel, which I throw all away to the rubbish bin almost every morning when I do the fruit juice, that make me feeling guilty.


Wait...does she use a stone wok to cook the fruit? Is that common in China? The very heavy wok for sure.
Aiñññ es la primera vez que la veo mirar a la cámara, que hermosa
Wonderful! Thanks for sharing such a nice video
Your life is so calm and close to nature i really want like this
I envy her!!! Such a beautiful house & environment!!! & she is just awesome! " Wonder Woman"
WOW!!! Excellent source of Vitamin C and possibly Quinine.  Beautiful too.  With the Vit C, the honey and possible quinine.... you have an Excellent Tea that helps with respiratory issues.  Even without the quinine (comes from rind), It's excellent for respiratory issues.  Yay.
Thank youf or this great video.
She is awesome ❤️
아름다운 풍경을 올려주셔서 감사합니다. 힐링되네요
Cómo se llama esa melodía... Es muy relajante 😌
Your videos are awesome. So I think Chinese as well. It would be nice if you could name the elements in English. I am Bangladeshi. I watch your videos many times. I want to be friends with you.
恬靜的生活， 令城市 人嚮往! 無欲無求， 真係好寫意㗎。 人嘅罪惡感都冇曬， 安靜， 樸素， 更加想去留低這個地方
The background music is so soothing😊❤
watching videos and listening to this song reminds me of my childhood living with my grandma in a village :)
Love your video as always lizi 😁😁😊😊
Adem banget liatnya 🤗😍
❤️Çok güzel olmuş ❤️
When i was watching this video my mouth was watering 🤤🤤🤤🤤
Hello Liziqi i love and adore what you do how you care for friends family and animals thank you beautiful Soul much Love Many Blessings Billy NZ
我正在使用谷歌翻譯，所以如果這沒有多大意義，我很抱歉。

我只是想說我昨天發現了你的視頻而且我很快就愛上了。美學是令人驚嘆的，而且體驗非常安靜。我非常愛他們，希望你能繼續長時間製作它們。

I am using Google Translate, so I'm sorry if this doesn't make much sense.

I just wanted to say that I discovered your videos yesterday and I'm instantly in love. The aesthetics are just amazing, and the experience is so peaceful. I love them so much and hope you continue to make them for a long time.
Fun fact pomelo is the biggest of citrus fruits and is endemic to Southeastern Asia
" И весна и любовь "

Там, где горы встречаются 
С морем!
В синеве перламутровых 
Звёзд!
Слышу песни, 
Мелодии снова,
Так влекут
И манят  за собой!
Я читаю стихи,
Ты с улыбкой.
Смотришь искренне,
Долго,
Всерьёз.
Я любуюсь тобой,
Моё солнце!
Каждый выдох 
И вдох 
Мы вдвоём!
В каждой песне
Рисуем сюжеты.
Наших дивных
Заоблачных 
Грёз!
Моя девочка,
Вечное лето!
И весна
И цветы
И любовь!
(The fruit name is Jambura), bengali language..😊😊
这个音乐配上这个景色简直太绝了！！我爱子柒姐姐♥️♥️
The videos are great, and the girl is really beautiful. Bravo!
I just don't know how to compliment you. you're that amazing.
What a massive fruit! It looks like a citrus fruit inside - and that is a marmalade she has made!
It`s so nice both, the sound and the video.
Good job God bless you and your family my dear sister host
All that things are real?
The fruit. The farm.  Because looks like the paradise in the earth.
Amazing....
Hi I'm from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩Your cooking show is nice .....keep it up...👍👍👍👍
I remeber this one!!! This was from the time when she did it all. Cooking, camera angle placement and editing.
I like this video a lot. I think liziqi is the best cuz she has got all talents.as well as she is so cute🤗I wish to meet her 😌
Золотые руки 👍👍👍👍
I love this channel 🥰
Thật bình yên 😍
ほんとに綺麗。ほとんどの動画見てしまってチャンネル登録もしちゃった…………ため息でる綺麗すぎて。
Am I the only one who gets ancient Chinese and Korean drama vibes watching her videos ?😂 If yes hello stranger who has same thinking as me
Her videos calms me and helps me sleep
I wonder of she's made a video on rock sugar? 😍
I really like watching your videos it's great
I think she is creative and great at doing stuff.Like,she made a mattress and honey,cool.
it's called "suha" in the philippines😍
What a beautiful fruit.
the food is very delicious and beautiful
I keep replaying the same videos and never get bored😂
We also have a plant like that but we never really used the fruits nor eat them 😅
I love that background music. Wonder how I can find it. So soothing 😍
Que  lindo y rico me encanta tus plastas que tienes
I would love to visit her and learn everything from herself and her family.
Love it❤️🏡🏡
Thank you very much 👍
I love the Background Music its from the Movie "Spirited Away" Ghibli Movies❤
What I would like for Christmas is some subtitling 😎
I think she can't understand us 😢😢 when we write in english.,I love Liziqi channel, because it gives me energy to work hardly. Thanks for your job
In Bangladesh we call it Jambura 🇧🇩❤
Would love to see her cook for Molly Schuyler
Congratulations! Beautiful Vídeos! Thank you for sharing!
日本語に訳して～！！😭
めっちゃ素敵な生活だぁ💕
憧れます🎶( ≧∀≦)ノ
Her face... It's perfect 💘
Трудолюбивая,умница .
Music is absolute beautiful, amazing content!
I just ate pomelos a week ago, I'll ask my gramps to send me another one again so I can make what she made 😆😆
This fruit in Bengali name of jambura or batabi lebu....when it ripes...its  more tasty😋
Merhabalar 4.sınıf öğrencisiyim kardeşimle birlikte kuş viedoları çekiyoruz bu kadar kişi arasından 1 kişi bile a-bo-ne olsa yüzümüzü güldürüyor şimdiden teşekkür ederimmmmm
im aina  from philippines i am very much to idolize you 😘😘😘 you make  me how to do gardening  cooking ..  i love you liziqi .😘🥰🥰🥰
Wow she does amazing videos!😌 and awe this song reminds me of studio Ghibli💕
In here at west visayas Philippines we call it "Kabugaw"💖💖🥰
Thích nhạc này quá nhẹ nhàng thoải mái yên bình giống MV của c
Un abrazo a la distancia...
Saludos.
I wish you could marry one of my sons.  I've learnt sooooooo much from you even though I live in a city in South Africa...I have started a vegetable patch. You are tge epitome of grace...yr beauty is mesmerizing and yr actions and music floods my soul with si much peace. I stumbled across your site and am soooo addicted now. God bless you dear
So cute. 💗
Is that a fruit 😮
seeing it for the first time 😋
Loved it!  Thank you.
she moves with grace😰❤️ I love u Liziqi! You’re my stress reliever😅😭😘
I am a strange fruit eater, I am not satisfied with some of them at all😘😋
كم اشتقنا لمثل هذه الفيديوهات الهدوء والطبّبيعة السّاحرة رووووووعة
❤️🇧🇷😊😘
A mulher mais linda do mundo 😍❤
Meyveyi ilk defa gördüm reçel yaptin galiba eline saglik çok merak ettim meyvenin ismi nedir Türkiye de yetişir mi
ماشاء الله ❤
I love this melody ❤️💗
The music is so soothing 😍😍😍😍
I love your videos with the Ghibli background music ❤
Hello there, i am wondering how can you growth citrus trees at your cold weather? I would love to learn more a about these citrus plants, can you please let me know how to get these plant or seed?Thanks.
很棒的影片！👍👏👏👏
Natural beauty 😍😍
Love it....wanna eat 😋😋👍👍👏👏❤🍐
You are the Amazing lady I’ve ever seen in my whole life.. you inspires me a lot..pls tell me which camera do you use for shooting your videos?
Спасибо!!!
食材的份量也清楚列出，太好了。
We loved this kind of tea
Guys her life is like a fairytale I'm so jealous
I’ve never seen such a huge pomelos😱😍
I cant stop 😭 love your videos
Aww... Those are so beautiful 😭😭
God bless you woman, you really change my life!
Is there anyone  can tell the background music in this video ? It's so relaxing
In my country we eat only the pomelo flesh raw. It is considered a fruit.
very interesting to watch your videos everynight before i go to sleep
2020 i'm still watching this video cause every time i listen this music  my hearts is full  tear seems like who someone ?
Such beautiful music! Such a beautiful piece! Thank you!
В каком чудесном месте вы живёте!!!!
Love all  of her videos😘😘😘😘
AMAZING 💜
mmmmmmm everything that she cooks was mouthwatering
かぼちゃみたいなのかと思ったら中がいよかんみたいですっごいびっくりした！めっちゃ美味しそう❤
The background music is so
 peaceful 🎶
These pomelos available in South Indian state Andhra Pradesh, it's called PAMPARA PANASA we eat regularly
So yummy ❤️
Pomello is so good!!  Too bad the honey citron tea at Costco is not as good as hers is I bet!
Everythink beautifull, music editing, camera, act all the best👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌
めっちゃ健康に良さそうお茶！
So relaxing to watch
Как интересно растет помело!!
I am from India   (kerala ) watching  ur  all  videos superb  👍😍
Show. Brasil!
Li you are such an elegant and amazing woman. You should be the absolute standard by which all women should be measured. Thank you....
Please put some subtitles. I know we shoud also lear another languages besides english but in the while.... XD
Great vids! Saying hi from Argentina!!
看起來就超級甜的>>>想吃(○ﾟεﾟ○)
Что бы и как бы ты не делала получается отлично! И просматривая твои ролики успокаиваешься как то
The way she look at cameras begins 💕❤️
My favorite youtuber Liziqi’s background music is my favorite song, always with me, from my favorite movie, spirited away
ดูแล้วสบายใจ มีความสุข เป็นผู้หญิงจีนคนแรกเลยที่ดูแล้วมีความสุข สงบ เหมือนนํ้าในธรรมชาติ
Omg
 that looks so good.
Everything looks so peaceful.....
She is absolutely beautiful, very intelligent and gifted.
This video makes me feel strangely peaceful
Lots of love and blessings from Kerala,India
Oh my God, when I watch this video mí mouth is full of water😉
Красивое видео. Но технология варки неправильная. Зачем добавлять воду, чтобы потом ее выпаривать? Ягода засыпается сахаром, пускает сок, а затем проваривается. Времени уходит в 3 раза меньше.
It's really cool, very beautiful
Beautiful women humble live and wonderful nature .great skills so cool and nice to watch. Wonderful life.
This is my first comment in any videos of YouTube could not resist to comment in your video. Watching your Video is meditation for me. I am so touched that I tend to cry.
Iots and lots of love from Nepal ❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
Such a soothing music 😌🎶
Liziqi... You are awesome!!!!
好想念我妈种的柚子，甜带点调味一样的微酸，超多汁，很好吃。现在在超市和菜市，摊贩卖的都干干的，没味道。
Love it your foods😍😍😍
晩白柚っておいしいんだよなー。皮も食べられるとは知らなかったけど、料理お上手ですね‼️
Beautiful ❤️
ما شاء الله..!Amazing😍
SO I have been told a ripe pomelo is more flat on the top and bottom. Does that mean this is an under ripe one?
Oh this music is heaven to ears just like the place where li ziqi lives
Please please, anybody know what title of this video instrumental? It’s so calming 😭😭🥰
Her video makes me peaceful.
She like living off the land and is HAPPY
体に良くて、美味しそう。
Happy to see such a hardworkig lady...
She slices the pomelo skin awesome!
I'm lazy to do that.
この柚子可愛いなぁ
Has Liziqi made a video cooking pumpkin yet?
Watching from Philippines 🥰I like your vlogs🥰🥰
the backround music is so relaxing😍
Best channel ever created greetings from Paraguay 🇵🇾
Can you translate your videos into Arabic please? There are many Arabs who love you😍🌍😭💗💗💗
this place is amazing.And I'm your little fan.
hey people this is some simple tee that everyone can make!! Try to make one for your family and surprise them!!!
我非常喜歡中國，如果可能的話，去中國旅遊，我是泰國人，但很喜歡中國人，很喜歡中國古代服裝，想試穿一次，🇹🇭💗🇨🇳
These are the giant pomelos! I have never seen😳
In Indonesia, the peel of the grapefruit is thrown away, only the contents are eaten😅
Omg i love this fruti but in poland they are half of this
Now I know what to do with these other than peel and eat.
개멋있음. 내 주변인물이었으면 반했을듯
Mình đã làm và đã thành công. Thanks!
i want to listen your music every day
It's called (jambura)...in our country






🇧🇩
Oh! My God this place is so nice. I want to visit there. Please invite me there.  

From New York.
Aww alguien más recordó al viaje de Chihiro con esta song :'3
This is so amazing.. love from Pakistan 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
Yung background music na paka familiar parang tagalog song. Sarap sa ears. 😍
Look so yummy !
Very beatiuful nature🌿🌱🌱
I'd rather live this kind of life :'(
It is such a delicious pomelo tea.
Which fruit you don't have in your garden .  😁 God has put Eden garden  in your backyard. I always gets peace watching your videos.
What is pomelo i have never heard of it is it fruit or vegetable id like if someone explained it to me or give a link that explains it
اتمنئ ازورها يوم من الايام😍😍😇❤
いつもみてます。面白くて好きです
I like your all videos n the way you are presenting..am a fan of u from India
‏كم هي رائعة هذه البنت وكم جميلة النباتات
I saw one video of her in my recommendation and I've been ignoring it for days but it keeps popping out.. I am so glad I watched it and now my day is not complete if I don't watch at least one video..
I think we would call this jam, or marmalade.  Very, very sweet marmalade, I think.
Your so talented i love you so much sister💐💐💐
I love you liziqi I proud of you and you look so so cute
Beautiful music and cool pictures... perfect, peaceful..🤘🤘🤘
In my country this fruit called "Jeruk Bali"
Either those are the biggest pomelos I have ever seen or this lady is small
liziqi + ghibli song = CALMNESS❤
تحيا الجزائر وربي يحفضها من كل مكروه
Ingredientes and quantity in english  please
I guess lemon plant and pomelo can survive winter season.
李子柒加油！！！！
Wow I'm from Germany and I watch  your videos too. I like them.
Awesome stuff, always
THANK YOU 🙏SWEET GIRL 🌷I LOVE YOUR PEACE ✌ AND PRECIOUS NATURE WITH TRADICION RECIPE'S ❤🌱🌻🍀🌸☕
子柒妳煮的飯菜！很好吃！感覺真的在哪來接我呢？
How is it, that pomelo and all these other fruit trees grow there, when you also have snow and frost in winter....I always read that these kind of trees don't survive in cold weather....is it some sort of special pomelo tree I am wondering? Anybody knows something about that?
My life feels peaceful watching this Vidio
传播优秀中华传统文化，向你致敬！👍
What good is beautiful; simple is beautiful. Simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication. Love, patience+simplicity are 3 greatest treasures of mankind but because of senses+desires man tends to chase the end and forget the root. Salty, oily, sweetie, bitter, spicy are 5 flavors that dull the taste. Greed is like salt water: the more I drink the thirstier I get.
Thank you for posting this. But doesn't it look more like Jam than tea?
Such a hard working girl ❤️👍❤️👍
Oh wow!her hairs are so beautiful 💟💟💕
너무 맛있다
معدلة ... والله نفسي اوصل لنص جمالها ورتابتها وتعديلها وندارتها.... صبحان الخالق  نفسي كلش اصير مثلها..... نادرة بكل شيء ❤️🌹
Masyarakat cantik banget mbkny,adem banget liatny
Salam dari indonesia
hello, may i know the title of the backsound? it is so calming, i would like to use it for a relaxation music. thanks
感谢你给我们带来这么精彩的视频，我每天都期盼你的节目，谢谢你
Do the pamelo grow in snowy winter areas? Are they winter hardy?
Rind of Fruit, First must be Manner in Oven-by-Sun-Shine maybe 2 Week before Cook.
Is this what's called food therapy? Because I feel calm watching her videos.
Me gustaria saber que musica es la que acompaña al video
She is sooo beautiful when she look at the camera and smile..its my first time to see her full face..l😍😍love this beautiful girl..😘
喜欢蜂蜜柚子茶，更喜欢子柒。I like honey pomelo tea, and I like Ziqi too, you are gorgeous！
يا الله هل القناة شو حلوه ومريحه لنفس بتمنى عيش هيك
Liziqi used the ghibli music 3 years back. Thats impressing 😺
I love this sound😍😍😍😘
這個女生超棒的  能娶到她是福氣 @@
When I see your vedios I feel.calm
Never knew that wr could eat the peel. Thnk for the knowledge
You can add  sub English in your video. Because i dont know Chinese language. i really like your video! i dream have my life the same your video! thank you! i love u
Son unos de los mejores ToPGiRlS.UnO
los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer
Megan: ''Hotter''
Hopi: ''Sweeter''
Joonie: ''Cooler''
Yoongi: ''Butter'' 



Senada: ''Hermoso.''
 Amor. ''Momentos.''
Jamas.: ''Corazon.''
Habara.: ''Sostengo. .''


Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente.
hay nomas pa ra reirse un rato y no estar triste y estresado por la vida dura que se vive hoy..
Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas.
y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad.en.los.corazonede.
tus.admiradores......feliz
Navidad.y.noche.buena....mis.respeto.para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo. ..
Tenang banget perasaan kalo nonton video ini..
Benar2 kehidupan yg dimimpikan dimasa depan kelak..
The title says 'tea' but she made 'jam' and I did not know that grapefruits were so big or maybe the translation to my language in my browser is wrong; I think that is not grapefruit but other citric which is very probable because China and some other neighbour countries are the home of a great variety of citrics,  most of them unknown in many countries. Anyway, as always her videos are so relaxing and bucolic.
Wowwww what a beautiful tree 🌲 of such big pomelos in liziqi house 🏡 I love your house liziqi it's so beautiful 💋🇵🇰🌲🥀💋❤️
Hola, vendes las semillas?( Spanish)
Tasty & Healthy
the music ,s so relaxing n healing soul.....!!!!
ชอบดูมากๆ ถึงจะฟังไม่ออกแต่ก็ดูตลอดเลยค่ะ 😆😊😍
健康很重要😍😋
Beautiful 🌻😍😍😍
Amazing video 👍👍
I'm watching her  videos back to back the moment I landed on this channel...Love from INDIA
Lagunya enak tenan buat di dengerin sejuk di fikiran..
Wow, that's fabulous
I love your skill 😍
This is amazing
Wow, so nice idea , from Bangladesh 🇧🇩👍
Ahhh brings back my childhood days me n my friends  vists other garden for stealing it 😂😂😂😂
Ta cofiture a l'air bonne excellente
おいしそう💓
こんな生活してみたいなぁ
These videos are so perfect, we can't help but wonder if they are scripted.
Thank for giving me so peaceful for 4min.
I love nature🏡
I love your program!!!!
Your every idea is great. Thx for Sharing  with us
طبيعة خلابة وحياة بسيطة وهادئة... اتمنى زيارتها 😍😍😍😍
Amazinggg 😍👍👍
I can’t believe that this young woman can do everything
Awesome 👌
这真的是最爱的频道了，经常全家老小一起看，边看边想着遥远的祖国，有和我一样的吗？
Too much nice 👍 I love it.
hy I'm from indonesia I really like your youtube channel this is so awesome😄😁
ジブリ感あるなぁこの子の周りと思ってたら千と千尋流れてんじゃん、完璧じゃん💗
ชอบมากเลยดูเกือบทุกคลิป❤️
Very nice 👍👍
Cực thik xem mấy video như này lun ý
This is called Jambura in our country 🇧🇩🇧🇩
素敵な映像ですねぇ。。。ほのぼのします。　日本人で、これだけの料理？？出来る人が果たしているのか。。。素晴らしい日常ですね。珍しい動画を有り難うございます。
まだまだ続けて見させて頂きます。
I want to lead  a peaceful and carefree life like her
人は美しく、とても優しいです
This is a beautiful😍💓
Suka banget sm musiknya.
So delicous🤩🤩☺
美丽的视频，良好的编辑和一个不错的电影角色。
Looking so beautiful 😍😍😍😍😍
音樂好聽!
記得9月24日中秋,不知怎地...居然沒有應景的柚子(其實成箱在屋內...我們這裡當地有名的鶴岡柚子),結果,中秋節大家的重點也不在月餅,連日來也都細雨棉棉，曾幾何時我們這美麗的寶島幾乎都以烤肉取代月餅和柚子來過中秋了。記得自己8、9歲時，我們也在煮柚子茶喔!也有沏一壼茶(年紀長一點的要喝的)，桌上1~2盒月餅和柚子來應景，時代變了，全都變成烤肉了!
我們這裡也買得到蜂蜜柚子茶和這罐醬^.^大家都一樣咩!吃得一樣、文化一樣...
How does everything grow so well?
The spirited away ending song playing fits so well
李子柒很喜歡看你的視頻，謝謝你分享美味柚個蜜餞😋😋😋💞💞
Soft  music and  amazing  garden
So cute, love all video.nature
جميل جدا  . 
Very nice keep up 👌✌
Жалко помело варить, я бы так сьела
Spirited away in ocarina, incridibly perfect for this video.👌
請問 柚子皮：柚子 1：8,  意思是不是一個柚子的皮， 8辦柚子肉嗎？？
提前感謝
Very beautyful 🌹🌹🌹
Молодец варенье настряпала, чай  вечером с бабкой пить
Hi from México!! 😍🌸🍁
Мелодия из фильма Сердца трёх♥️
I guess many guys who dont know Chinese thinks she is making Jam. But no, that's fruit tea.
Superb 🔥❤️😘
This place is heaven
You are great🌼
天女みたいです…野良仕事もこなしているとは思えないほどの透明感と儚さがあって。
In Indonesia called "Jeruk Bali" I think
Cue the “Always with Me” from Spirited Away soundtrack!
I love this music🥰🥰🥰😍😍😍😍❤❤
What a soulful music 🤗
nice i love your video greetings from Philippines
Обожаю помело
Such fruit really exist OMG
damn, american culture seems so bland compared the traditional cultures like this around the world.
الطبيعة جميلة جدا
The music wahh so ✨peaceful ✨
Yummy 🥰🥰🥰
One word to describe that place:PARADISE
يالها من فواكه لذيذه
I like every video of you.  I wish i could meet you in this  live.
W la cultura contadina...abbinata alla grazia di questa ragazza...
中華美人と美しい風景がいいですね
Pengen kesana... menikmati pemandangan
The studio ghibli music made this even more magical
Could someone please explain to me how she eats (or drinks) this? Is it supposed to be like marmalade? But it says it’s tea?
I’m very confused lol
Saya dari indonesia. Saya menyukai semua yang anda buat. Saya menyukai pemandangan di sekitar anda." saya adalah penggemar baru anda.. belakangan ini hanya video andalah yang saya putar." saya cinta saluran youtube anda. 😍🥰🫖🫑🫒🧅🧄🥬🍇🍉🍊🍋🍓🍒🍅🍆🥔🌶🍄🥜🍱🏺
My wife is from Guangzhou China. So cute, lovely and super smart. I love China ~ ^0^
每天都等着更新  结果是以前的〒_〒不过还好啦！反正你的视频我每天都重复看
KKKKKKK MEU deus que fruta gigante parece um pé de melão pqp🤣🤣🤣🤣
چه ارامشی داره ❤❤😘😘😘
is that a miracle fruit maam? can irequest maam to show how to grow blueberries in container like many people live in city where is possible to them to have.. ive learn many things in your diff videos... can you also have videos how to make cntury egg coz im also half chinese but dnt knw how to make the organic one.
Ok i just went through enlightment spiritually
(Only way i can describe the feels this vid gives me)
Love from India 💖
Oh my she was natural i love this girl 😍😍😍
كل حلقه اجمل من تانيه ابداع
好有诗意的生活。
Chị thật tuyệt vời
好手艺真棒👍👍👍绵阳的柚子好吃吗😘
I don’t think it’s tea you’re making my dear but pomelo jam. 🙏
Donn knw how bt her video just popped out on my reccomandtion....
Nd now my new addiction is her videos....wid-out watching her video i cant sleep!!
😌😌
I love that spirited away sound track❤️
建議沒用到的皮可以曬乾就是天然的蚊香
Rất thích xem video của thất tỉ
Que hermosa mujer que le gusta trabajar en el campo
I like that background music 🥰🥰
0:18 ZiQi breaks the fourth wall for the first time ever
Thanks for you recipes
heeeelp i can't stop watching her videos :(
She's so lovely.
If any guy lives in a rural place like this and wants to marry me, I'm very willing to be a housewife and learn these traditions haha
Love from Sri Lanka♥️♥️♥️
I  love  this
Love your backgrown music😄😄😍
There're  so many  foreigners' comments. That's so good! 这是一种宁静的生活，很是让人向往！
Really  mind relaxing  video
…ほんと、美しさだけ。混じりっ気０のチャイナ美ーナス🎵
「女神」やな。確実に。自覚してるみたいだし✨(๑'ᴗ'๑)✨
ほんと毎回、心惹かれちゃう🎵
Sou sua fã
I love thiss😘
Like it!!!❤️😀
Who are here to enjoy the beauty and sounds of nature
Exelente😍
柚子树下人好萌，
子柒手巧才万能。
茶加蜂蜜和柚皮，
甜中有苦似人生。
All of these vedios remind me how similar Indian and Chinese culture is. We all make this dish and call it moramba. And yet we squabble.
رائع جداً
子柒加油💪
Beautiful
احسه لذيذ😋😋
我是日本人🇯🇵。我正在使用翻译功能。我看了很多关于这个人的视频。看到这个人的视频和这个人自己的美丽世界观是非常愉快的。在中国，这个人养的电影，家庭和生活是常见的烹饪吗？我渴望这一生。我今年18岁，但我希望像这个人一样过更接近大自然的生活。从现在开始，我期待着美丽的外表，生活和烹饪的视频！请尽力！♡


我很惊讶很多回复。谢谢。回复太多，我很快就看不到回复，因为我使用翻译应用程序。我想我有时间会读它。如果SNS被滥用会有很多危险，但SNS的一个优势是你有机会触及这样的其他文化！
Помеловое варенье,  я в шоке
Ahhh senin gibi bir kadınla evlenmek isterdim ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The greatest cook in our world l wish l could eat her dishes but l am from trinidad0
the background music is so relaxing
I think that she doesn't know the meaning of laziness😁
Damn i didn't know that 'suha' (pomelo) can cook.
Аааааф. Обожаю помело
I never heard of Pomelos.. These are like giant green grapefruits right? Do they taste sweet or sour?
Lee ziqi love your culture🤗❤️🥰🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷
Ini video pertama yang membawaku melihat videonya yg lain 💕
I love  this  chanel😍😍😍😍
I am pretty sure she lives in a fairyland 😂
Super collection & continue .... That's human special ...
好大顆的柚子啊啊
This song is always spirited away!!
Music just wow 🥰🥰😇
That's the biggest citrus I've ever seen
আপনার ভিডিও গুলো অনেক সুন্দর
Всё гадала что это за огромный фрукт которая висит высоко, типа разновидность апельсина
Me encanta ese soundtrack de la película el bieje de chihiro del Studio Gibli
Офигеть у них там грейфруты!
الحمد لله على نعمه الاسلام 🥰😍
In bali we call it JERUNGGA💛
I'm so familiar with this music 💖
我是李子柒频道忠实fans，最近被一些东西真正打动着，我一开始传播真相并没觉得很多人会看见，但近期越来越多的网友共鸣，给越来越多勇气，让大家看看这个世界真是都在发生些什么，为了我们的后代们，绝不做不吭声的孬种，支持正义，希望大家一起传播 。
🔗把每集链接分别粘贴到浏览器就能看。

 

 #　第一集  #

@t

 

 #　第二集  #

@t

 

 #　第三集  #

@t

 

 #　第四集  #

@t

 

 #　第五集  #

@t

 

 #　第六集  #

@t

 

 #　第七集  #

@t

 

 #　第八集  #

@t

 

 #　第九集  #

@t

 

 #　第十集  #

@t
很像我们在俄罗斯做的点心， 常常冬天的时候用来治疗感冒
سبحان الله وبحمده سبحان الله العظيم عدد خلقه ورضا نفسه وزنة عرشه ومداد كلماته
I like this song 😍
In Assamese we called it " bortenga"
The background music like sare jahase atcha hisdutha hamara🤩😘
Oh my stomach! 😃😋👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Even Gordon Ramsey can’t top this
😍😍😍😍♥️♥️♥️
You are awesome
A studio Ghibli soundtrack truly fits the video ;)
She's so beautiful 💘💞
Beautiful Chinese video about Pomelo turning into Pomelo Tea by beautiful Chinese girl 🥢🎂🍺💥🍜
in the entire video,what i noticed first were your hairs. so shiny and  silky
beutiful hairs
น่ารัก
Music from Hayao Miyazaki film "Spirited Away" (captions) is used in this video.
Молодец осындаи аиелым болса аиталмаимше омир бакыи бакытты кылуга тырысатын едым
The living poems.... Untold feelings
^~^ Cute :)
What a wonderful video✨music♪✨
一直以为柚子皮苦，柚子茶是香橙做的。原来可以直接做。
刀功真厲害🖒
나무에 달린 커다란 과일은 이름이 뭔가요?
💕😍👌👍
unas super toronjas ......se ve delicioso.
سبحان الله وبحمده سبحان الله العظيم عدد خلقه ورضا نفسه وزنة عرشه ومداد كلماته
ما شاء الله تبارك الله اللهم بارك
It looks good
マーマレードみたいな感じかな？美味しそう🤍癒しの音楽付きで最高( ¨̮ )
Beautiful
i almost cried when listen to the backsound... it suits th video😭
Күшті бәрі ұнады керемет жарайсың. ❤👍
Music is  osm nd peaceful
We grow this pomelo in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh states of India.
The background music tho🥺 Always With Me, Spirited Away OST❤️
Someone please tell me the music's name🙂im still searching it😭
让我想起小时候在外婆家摘桑葚，吃的满嘴黑，那个时候的单纯的快乐已经消失很久了。
Yumi Kimura's song from spirited away started to play...this is so peaceful
You must be the real Mulan 💜
Bun nasıl bir meyve Allah'ım neylerse güzel eyler bilen varsa bilgilendirdi lütfen.
❤❤😍❤❤
Ngon đẹp mắt
Rather watch this peaceful  relaxing ... and blissful cooking with nature  vidros than ...videos with same content and  title.. GRWM, 50 facts about me... 😅
حياة جميلة هادءة ينقصها أن تكون مع الله لتكتمل اللهم إ دقنا حلوة إلايمان جميعا
Awwwee. Im loving her more. Coz of her bckground music ghibli lullaby 🥰🥰
kamu memang hebat Salam dari lombok indonesia
Что за фрукт такой и где нам его найти теперь😫😫😫 хочу попробовать
ชอบวีดีโอคุณมากๆ🥰
青青柚子红红衣，
动漫少女万人迷。
柚皮涩涩蜂蜜甜，
拍片辛苦有意义。
Amazing garden...
I love this song from spirit away hahaha😄
Sou apaixonada pelas trilhas sonoras dos videos da Liziqi, aliás tudo é lindo nos vídeos dela. ❤🇧🇷
Watching these videos, I just think about how I’d need a full recipe book, full ikea-like instructions, a farmers handbook, a step by step needle work diy, I mean she’s doing this from memory. It’s honestly so impressive. If anything for her is muscle memory. I’m two years younger than her, and feel so incompetent. I wish I was handed down skills like these from family. She’s so lucky.
Beautiful Chinese video about Pomelo turning into Pomelo Tea by beautiful Chinese girl 🥢🎂🍺💥🍜
Amo esses vídeos, dá uma paz .😊
好棒！
In Indonesia we call this fruit as "Jeruk Bali"
Everytime I feel tired...I come to your chnl.....hhhmmhhhh...stressless!
Sou do Brasil amo os seus vídeos.
Parabéns 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Thank you for sharing nature with us. The filming does not look easy, but keep up the good work. May you and your family be well and happy.
My favorite video very beautiful
amo esa canción:') y queda perfecto con el vídeo
อร่อยยยย😋😋😋 Yam
"Hi! You have already used up all the MBs"
This is what i receive after watching her videos.
That had got to be the world’s largest citrus fruit ever! I can only guess at how sweet and tart the tea must taste!
Thank you for this beautiful music throughout the entire videos♡♡♡ ... It makes this worth watching for the whole world in any part, of any race, any religion, any beliefs and any culture. JUST A PIECE OF ART ...
شيئ رائع
Love how she has almost everything to cook from her backyard. Really aesthetic.
Spirited away...,❤️❤️❤️
好大的柚子！
Me gustaría que sus platos pudiese explicar como son paso a paso.... Es fantástica y el lugar donde vive es soñado para nosotros como familia.
Whos still with me 2020 still watching. 😎
Creo que nunca probaré ese tipo de comidas pero por lo menos me lo imagino y que sabe y huele delicioso 🤤
💜💜Can I just say how hard you work probably every day and also it’s really satisfying to watch your videos  my all time favourite video was you making a purple woolly cloak 💜💜
I am a big fan of liziqi
Amo seus vídeos , você e d+
Thanks for sharing!
You look like an angel
Gosto muito de ver seus vídeos😍
Pomelo is a very common fruit in southern China. Some of them taste sour, some sweet and some bitter. It's very a natural vitamin source and the trees are so easy to grow. Their thick skin also absorbs smells. Put the skin in your room after eating the fruit. It keeps the room nice and fresh:)))
no word bored watching videos from liziqi
I am totally in love with her videos!! Their absolutely satisfying to me 😌
Nice fruit 🍑👌🤩
From VietNam With Love <3
Deve ser uma delícia!
Hi Liziqi. I love all your videos & the soothing music. Thank you for sharing... Love from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Wow so nice 😄
I've spent my more than half-century life always wanting simply nice, gentle, non-dramatic, pleasant, enjoyable things like this to watch. I had given up & thought nothing like this existed. But now I have finally found my dream, completely.
What is the name of this exact variety of pomelo?
Her  videos  show us how  beautiful  u can make your world which we are destroying everyday in the name of stupid innovations.
Watching this video in 2019,  you can tell it was shot and edited all by herself.  She's so cute in the beginning that pretend not to look at the camera😊😊
瓜かとおもったらえ、そう剥けるん！？！ってなったww
千と千尋のBGMがいいですね♪
Its calming to watch her prepare those beautiful meals and the plating is 5 star. 🍾🥂Its like a beautiful dance
She prepares a massive amount of food. Surely her and her mom don't eat that much. She must reside in the garden of Eden because there is no place on earth that  provides so many different variety of beautiful fruits and vegetables on their property that ripen just in time.. Who takes care of her gardening? It is immense! 
Great choreography
After I deactivated Instagram it was soo boring.i started giving YouTube bit more time.siddenly saw a video of this kind of another youtuber then watching  her many videos made me aware that liziki was the one to start this type of content and I have watched almost all ur videos since then,I'm addicted to this.soo good,keep it up always
Chinese n naga(india) is so similar ...Day by day am notifying  her new vlog all activities r same as naga
Her videos are extremely soothing to watch, and the fact that she doesn’t harm animals or the environment in them is super cool
ياريت يسير في ترجمة للعربي
每次听了这个歌在伤心的事都不会在伤心了😄😄
Me encanta  ella es tan dulce y delicada pero muy capas  de hacer todo en una granja  y poder subsistir  con todo me gustaría  una vida así  quiero muchos más vídeos de ella con su abuelita
Organicooo y muy Saludable..❤❤
ᱞᱳᱵᱦᱤᱞᱤ #Liziqi 👌🏼🌿❤️
I have been binge watching her videos...and she is absolutely brilliant and beautiful 😍
these fruits look like tangerines that taste like melon. Is that it?
我就想问，小姐姐 你包的山头有啥是没种的😂
Suelen ser un poco ácidos, pero seguro que con azúcar de caña o miel estan riquisimos.
Greettings from Finland
Your  videos makes me happy.. it puts  smile on my face. its so relaxing and so much  interesting  things and ways of prepaire food . You inspire me a lot with everyting  <3  Thank you so much.
Çok güZel. Muhteşem🙏💝💝💝💝🌺🌺🌺çiçek. Kızım🌺🌺
Просто чудесно!
Pengin banget ke situuuu
好懷念這首歌，童年己逝去了，不能再重來了，中學的新生活開始了…
i always watch her videos. and its so relaxing until i fell asleep.
The background music 😍😍😭😭😭😭 gibli studio forever ❤️🌸
Hay mi Dios esa frita es la más deliciosa en   Bolivia se llama  pomelo  es un gran delicia q afortunada eres
يعجز اللسان عن وصف إبداعك ! 🥀
The back ground music was very nice
终于等到你的食谱啦，老看你做菜，可从来不知用量多少，太喜欢啦，希望你以做菜也能show 出来分量
ดูทุกคลิปเลยชอบดูมากค่ะ
綺麗な人ですね。
Je n ai  jamais vu de fruit si gros.. ils se plaisent mieux chez vous qu en californie...  .. cela doit etre délicieux... j apprends tellement avec vous .. les traditions que nous avons perdues sont toutes réunies dans vos vidéos.. il faut tout réapprendre
Nice cooking  I loved very very much  Thank you so much Liziqi  .
People:talk less! Work more


And our girl: 😶
Literally no words
Just wondering.... who keeps the garden growing.....water flowing... cleaning the dishes...and the whole place...it's huge...needs a team to grow such a garden... maintain the fields and the house...and of course cook and do the chores !
我希望有一天能访问中国
I like it  
Whit this girl 
All is natural.
No chimic.
Wow that is so yummy!! In the Philippines we called that "boungon -bo-ung-on-" that is bisaya language here in the Philippines...
Try this fruit's ripe pulp with salt, mustard oil, coriander leaves, and green fresh chillies.. Mash them a little  n enjoy
Pomelo is right. Citron is another fruit.
I can feel the taste I know it's going to be good
What version of “always with me” is this like what instrument
Her knife skills are too good
Is the pomelo a grape fruit?? That looked like a wonderful jam !!!  👍👍
ماشاء الله سبحان آلله
Chưa biết tên nàng này nhưng nàng rất giỏi rất đáng yêu❤và còn nấu ăn giỏi nữa . Mấy ông việt nam mà biết cô nàng này là ôi thôi khỏi nói giành dựt nhau mà tự xưng là ng yêu luôn chứ đùa
How peaceful and nice!!  Really good to see your video.
Kok bnyak yg dislike ya??pdahal sangat menginspirasi
Многие грейпфруты, которые вылизывали в течение долгого времени, наконец-то добрались до свежего медового помело + меда, взятого из собственного улья, а цвет - янтарный, мякоть кристально чистая, что является идеальным медово-цитроновым чаем! ! ! (Кожура помело: мякоть = 1: 8, чем более чистые и горькие белки в кожуре, тем менее горькие)
You are very nice woman...❤️
I wouldn't be surprised if she knows Kung Fu too
the background music is from anime Spirited Away soundtrack called Always With Me (Itsumo Nando Demo).. so relaxing 🙂 well done 👏🏼
I binged watched all your vids 😍😍
So cute
I love this beautiful woman and her charming nature 😍
Hola bonita mi princesa hermosa siempre tan linda tan especial tan increíble una cosa te digo yo te respeto y en mi no hay ninguna intención de ofensa
Student : what is sustainable living?
Teacher: visit Liziqi channel.
Talented cute girl. I used to play this video while our dinner time with my family.
做饭非常好，请在YouTube上保留很长时间，祝您身体健康。
我們是泰國人，但我們非常喜歡看中國電影。
What a peaceful way to live❤️
吃柚子挺好吃的，可以吃皮肤美，可以减肥哈
本当にジブリの世界って感じ！！
What a talented girl ❤️🙏🏻👍👍👍👍👍
早期独自拍摄的痕迹，青涩美好
i love this video so much 😍
Dear ziqi....u r amazing n hard working too
With all ready made stuff around us....we cant manage to live a happy life ......n u keep smiling with hardships n make wonders out of scrap .....u r real wonder dear
Como se llamará la música?🤔
No words....nice vedio and we can get a peaceful mind and sooo calm feeling.....
Uau
我是越南人，我真的很喜欢你
Bình yên quá. ❤❤
There’s lot of snow in the winter videos, how do these citrus trees survive???, or do they have two homes in different regions? I’m a orchard hobbyist so couldn’t help being curios, love her channel my absolute favorite!!
You are happiest with nature
That looks amazing
Pls explain in English
คนไทยอีกคนอยู่นี้ค่ะ"ชอบดูมากพอขึ้นมาเห็นแล้วติดตามเลย"ชอบชีวิตพอเพียง"ธรรมชาติมากๆสวยงาม"😍😍😍🌻🌻🌻🌺🌺🌺🍇🍇🍇🐤🐤🐤☘️☘️☘️
I want to go there and learn how to do all does things💕💕
I heartily salute to your worth and work.  I like such a very good talented  persons💐👌👌💐
看了无数期的李子柒，总算有一个是我拿手的了。我也是爱吃柚子茶，超市买的，貌似没有自己做的好，从去年开始，我就自己在家做了，步骤和李子柒的差不多。点赞！！！
Ya Allah damainya...indah sekali jauh di keramaian..Jadi ingat kampung
สวยงามครับ
えっ美女過ぎない？😍
😍keep it up Liziqi
I’m still watching this in 2020
So amazing😍
The jam is so delicious.
Kayaknya seger bgt buat di seduh
繰り返すあやまちの　そのたびひとは

ただ青い空の　青さを知る

果てしなく　道は続いて見えるけれど

この両手は　光を抱ける

It's perfect👌
So nice place
看到题目以为这回会去采蜜
Good job liziqi 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 💞💞💞💞
I love her traditional touch
Very nice to eat
I loved it very organic
Kangen kak LiZiqi, update dong kak
Ojalá pudiera entender la escritura :(
ما شاء الله على الطبيعة سبحان الله  الخالق
Watching from the Uk x thank you for show us your life.
Looks like a marmalade!
Beautiful!
Very nice😊
ここまでジブリの曲が似合う動画
見たことない(´；ω；｀)✨
Her knife technique wow😘😍
I noticed the background music is from the ost of spirited away.
i love the sound 
El viaje de Chihiro ❤
Beautiful video.  What do you do with the finished product? It says tea. Do you put into warm water????
Very beautiful
Ela é a Lua 🌙 do Céu 👒💏💐🙌🧢🇧🇷🎻🎼🎼🎼🎼🥰🥰🥰😘
Hi thank you one delicious Idea with. Bread and tea
千と千尋の音楽と合うな〜😌😌
My heart will go on!
amazing😉
What is the taste of pomelo jam?
She is charming 😘😘
Lovely
你好中國朋友。我是越南人，我愛你🙆🏻‍♀️❤️
Beautiful
Li ziqi is the best of the best women 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
นอนดูได้ทั้งวันอะ🥰🥰
Love this bgm
cute 😍😍😍😍😍
She climbed the ladder to harvest the fruit,who's prepared to stand by her ,if she missed the step ? Anyone ?
0:18 你的脸都嫩
我喜欢您的影片，让我真正放松，我喜欢您做事的方式，您的祖母非常温柔
我非常爱你们俩

来自中美洲，萨尔瓦多的问候 💕💕
The cutest chinese girl 💗 i love u
La canción de Totoro 😊😍
INCREIBLE
0:06 I want to know the name of the song, it's good.
Sanırım burası yeryüzündeki cennet
I like it so nice
I can't understand what haters actually like??
❤️❤️❤️🙏
好温暖
ดูแล้วสบายตามากกก
我好佩服剥柚子不伤手的人，我剥皮一次就受伤一次😭😭
im not sure that i would call something id have to chew a tea.. :|
Beautiful Chinese lady 
Nice video 👌👌👌🏵🏵🏵🏵
ジブリの曲は、あなたの動画を見ながら穏やかな気持ちになる安らぐピッタリのですね💗
Dimana liziqi? Aku merindukan konten youtubemu 😭
mouth watering dear
So magical
😍😍😍my idola
سبحان الله المبدع المصور الحمدلله على نعمه
فيديو رائع حيث نسافر إلى جنه الأرض
Eu adoro seus vídeos, vou compartilhar com todo o mundo, parabéns você é digna de toda a minha admiração. Que você seja feliz.🙏🙏🙏🙏👏👏👏👏👏🌹🌹🌹👸👸🌷🌷🌷
NOSSA! QUE DOCE MARAVILHOSO! PARABÉNS QUERIDA! EU GOSTARIA MUITO DE TER SEMENTES DESTA LARANJA GIGANTE ! MORO NO BRASIL, NO INTERIOR E NUNCA VI UMA FRUTA TAO LINDA ASSIM! DEUS ABENÇOE MUITO VCS LINDINHA.
Her hard work and effort is so admirable
Super akka💓👌👌👌
She’s an outstanding artist besides such a great content creator!.. everything is presented in such a natural and tasteful manner!.. totally a great channel!
Yumi 😋
Господи,кто ставит диз?это же чудо.я смотрю вместо релакса.это зрительная йога.счастья девушке и всех благ!😊
Que hermoso lugar me gustaría que pudieran poner traducción para saber que es ese manjar y ver si podríamos hacer tus deliciosas comidas  saludos desde México 🇲🇽
Que incrível,  estava pesquisando sobre toranja porque  minha mãe perguntou.Acabei por descobrir ser um híbrido de laranja com pomelo , e acabei sendo recomendado a este canal maravilhoso e me tornei inscrito.
Lovely
Oh my gosh we actually have a pomelo tree at home and I think we can try to make something like this! Thank you so much for the video!
Does anyone know the song of this background music...I can't remember
I am obsessed with pomelo and honey together. They are kind of expensive to buy here in the US but worth it!
This young woman is so smart and resourceful, that I’m really considering moving to China and try to meet her and her family. It would be an honor to know her, I love all her videos and the way she cooks for her and her family, especially her grandmother is so beautiful. Any real and smart man would be so lucky to have her as his wife and mother to his children.
it's so peaceful and calming to watch you.  the music in this video is so mellow.  I had a really bad day from work; and this really helps me ease the mind.  maybe I'll be able to get a good night's rest and not be bothered so much from so much unjust bureaucracy.
คิดถึงมากเลยค่ะ
Me encantaria tener estas recetas en español.  Todo se tan bonito!!!
Nice video
I'm feeling so calm and always a smile on my face when I'm watching her videos 🥗🍲🍛🇮🇳
Você oferece muita paz através do seus vídeos curto todos ❤👏👏👏👏👏👏 amo a China é um lugar lindo 😍
I'm a big fan of her....I repeatedly watch her videos....it is really calming and relaxing....lizgi 👏👏👏
👌👌❤️
I cried with the song from the beginning, as it is the closing song for spirited away, IM SO SAD 😭❤️
😋😘👌
Теперь понятно откуда жён нужно брать
My favourite fruit bembli mass i😘😋😋
I love the way you put the video title. It's poetic somehow 💕
The background music brings back my childhood memories...it makes me missed my family a lot...
what a garden of eden a paradise for sure
She is so cute
😍😍😍
Mam iam big fan for you
Youtube recommended me this video for days, finally decided to watch and realize that i have this fruit on my backyard.
Going to try later.
👌❤
Luar biasa, dengan tidak punya kameramen. Segala sesuatu dilakukan sendiri.
Liziqi I love you ❤️❤️❤️
BGM is Spirited Away OST 😍😍😍
สวยงามตามท้องเรื่อง จากคนไทย
I love her living style 🤗
مشاءالله المحتوى رائع يستحق المشاهدة ماشي كيف المغربيات قتلونا غي راجلي دارلي مقلب خلعني خلعتو اتعلمو من الناس فين واصلات🌹🌹🌹😘😘
I love most of your video
Its give me something really relax 
And I couldn't stop when i was watching
Wow! Where I'm from in the Caribbean, we call that fruit Shaddock. I was so surprised to see you have it there as well. And it's the first time I've seen it used like this. Great stuff! Where I'm from we normally just peel and eat the inside.
Pode fazer legenda pequena em PORTUGUÊS,  dos alimentos, para aprendermos como cozinhar os alimentos?
What's beautiful 🤩 if I born in China😔🇮🇳
These videos are honestly so relaxing to watch I wish I could do the stuff she does
Ông phiên dịch có tâm ..😅😅🤣
Watching her channel is literally spiritual for me
I love pomelos! There was a lady that had a tree in my hometown and we would always get some from her. Pretty refreshing!
I love this tea in winter. Very difficult to get pomelo in this country caused the tea looks simple to make. 
It is amazing how fertile and plentiful her land produces.. really like paradise.
子柒，加油
Your Channel popped up for me, I’ve watched probably six videos already. I don’t regret a thing, this is truly a unique channel and worthy of being watched by all eyes.
Selain paket komplit smart .yg paling aku suka .anda berpakean sopan .Dan selalu tertutup umum nya .gak sexi.sy suka bget nonton  nya.
Thank you for subtitles! 💐
I'm so blessed to have found your channel. You are amazing!
Honey citron tea is really good. Usually drink it when i have colds and feeling stuffy. One can usually find it on asian grocery stores.
ดูทุกคลิป ตอนนี้อยากได้มีดอย่างนางมาก เพราะเราชอบทำกับข้าว ดูท่าจะจับคล่องมือดี
Linnnnda.....talentosa.  Deus é na sua vida...💞
❤️❤️❤️
والله فيديوهاتك تشعرنى بالراحه  النفسيه والإسترخاء 😍
I've never seen a fruit like that, gosh it looks so tasty
Hi! I'm so amazed in your channel... Every video is so amazing and  I really idolized you... In making videos
Her videos are calming and relaxing,  such a way of self indulgence.
Aquí en Argentina he probado el exquisito pomelo gigante que llamamos "cidra". Intentamos crear nuestra propia planta!
หมือนดอกไม้จังเลย
es hermoso , seria el cielo vivir ahi
Ini buah mahal ,organik buah ,👍
每次都覺得這個音樂和影片裡的內容的融合的很好~
Olá Luziqi! Me fala que fruta gigante é essa? É doce ou azeda? Abraços!!!
Gonna be honest, I didn’t know that there was a citrus that big. (If it helps in titling in the future, this isn’t a tea, this a a preserve. Similar to a jelly or jam. Preserves are things you would spread on something like bread or eat with a breakfast meal while tea you drink (I know that you know what these things are- just thought I’d give context in English)
Background sound 😍😍
Mỗi khi buồn hay muộn phiền về cuộc sống tôi đều vào xem video của chị!thật bình yên♥️ Yêu c , cũng chỉ ước có đc 1 cuộc sống như vậy 💕💕
she is beautiful when see at the 📷  ♡
In my country, I call that fruit is 'Jeruk Bali' 😊 sorry for my english ✌
I've never seen a Pomelo before! I didn't know they could get so big! Are they like grapefruit in flavor?
Wish we could all live this freely. Such an inspiration!
What music are they using in the video?
Como se pode ser tão linda fazendo coisas tão simples? Deus está contigo.
I love Liziqis video
The pomelos we can buy in the store aren' t as half as big as these!
The way she do all those things that is so relaxing....  I dont know why whenever I click and watch her videos I found myself somewhere around her watching her silently and deeply involved in the environment.....I feel relax and calm ......
I eat raw junepulm..but your cook style amazing.. from in India..love sister..keep it up
I have tasted this fruit. It has an amazing aroma.
All I can to say is: your talent& your team work are the special one..like a profesional Holywood moviemaker
เป็นคนไทยหรอค่ะ//ชอบดูคริปของคุณมาก
Muy buenos vídeos y sobre todo que rico cocina mmmm felicidades
Good👍👍👍👍👍
謝謝你…很棒的影片…很療癒
Such a big musambi or sweet lime!? I was always wondering when she would pluck those big fruits and may be its juice will be bucket full. But, it's used for making jam!? Surprised!Video is stress buster as always! Lots of Love from India Liziqi!😍😍😍💐🌷
Đừng bao giờ kết thúc nhé. t.muốn xem video của b.mỗi ngày.
Nó thật yên bình và hạnh phúc.
Amazing...
It's so satisfying when you watch her making these
Lots of love from India
you are living in the heaven... everything is beautiful ...it's nice to watch ur videos..
Thích xem clip của chị này nhất nơi đấy vừa bình yên phong cảnh lại đẹp thoáng mát cảnh vật tự nhiên trong thích quá 💓!.
It was already awesome looking before you added the honey!  A short but very sweet video!
It is so cool
Gostaria de experimentar essa fruta pra saber o sabor. Haaa é um tipo de laranja!
I dream of a life like yours
When I saw her vedio I became a crazy man 😂 whenever I got free time I watched her vedio still i am watching tge vedio ..keep it up!
영상 항상 잘보고있습니다 볼때마다 마음이 평온해지네요 앞으로도 좋은영상 부탁합니다
I'm in love with the sweet music!!! really nice to the lady
Мне очень нравится ваши видео. Спасибо!!!!!!
Hello, liziqi ,I live in USA. I am is Chinese too, I love to watching your show a lots specially on the country side around your garden and backyard, it looks so beautiful so peaceful. And looks like you are taking very good care of your grandmother. She is very happy with you  I think's she it is. Thank you very much for sharing your story and beautiful videos for us to see Its. Once again thank you very much
Перевод был б на русском ешё много посмотр собралбы
Siempre regreso a estos vídeos. Es arte.
Good job nice and great woman
可愛くて料理作れるとか最高アル
I'm not familiar with pomelos... there's a lot of fruits and vegetables in China that I've never seen. It looks like a humongous grapefruit when you're peeling... Liziqi is so beautiful that I don't pay attention to the details like I should...lol! Her beauty just mesmerizes me! An angel, with so many skills and her cooking is absolutely amazing and phenomenal... I'm sure the tea is awesome as she is!!!💞💞💞👏👏👏👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻💯💯💯💓💓💓
Everything is in proper way n the way of cooking is mind blowing.... Natural..... Nature interacts me...... Beautiful n natural greenery all around.... Awesome... She is.....
♡♡♡
I really love ur all videos.
After seeing ur videos, i always feel happy, peace and calm.
the sound is good i like the sound liziqi
There type of food is to much similar to India's(north east) food ❤️
Wow phong cảnh nơi đó thật yên bình  thứ gì cũng có 😍😍😍
We used to eat this fruit raw instead of making tea, it was a good idea, as in kerala South India many houses have this tree, it's in white, red and pink colour too.
❤️❤️❤️
Gosh i wish i had someone to teach me all this >~<
葡萄柚才是grapefruit吧....
im from 🇵🇭 and i enjoy ur vids
Me gusta tu técnica para cosinar  saludos sigue guisando rico
Now i know how my honey citron tea are made..
Wow honey citrous tea sounds interesting ..thank you so much for english subtitles 
...very welldone
Hey u are an amazing women I really love ur videos. Your videos let me escape from the busy and tired life of a city. I really love the music in the background. U r such an creating and skillful person I love ur videos my mom loves ur videos to. The landscape is beautiful. Love from Pakistan
What is the name of this music? If anyone knows let me know please?
Quero uma semente dessa laranja uau um sonho 😍😍
Plz liziqi send me a beautiful background music , I really appreciate it.
I like how there are directions when everyone watching will not be able to make it.
I was too stressful to cry and theses videos helped me forget about everything and all it gave was peace
What I like about her videos is that there is some sort of disconnect from the hustle and bustle of modern life. For me, her short films are a mini vacation.
You are my best youtuber
Wow that is one huge pomelo! That’s my favourite fruit!
Super cute sister👌👌👌🥰🥰🥰 😇😇😇👍👍👍
Love the background music 😍🎶
Jamás probé  esa fruta! Pero se riquisimooooo!!!😋😋😋
The song sounds so familiar. It reminds me of the ending song to Spirited Away but it is sung instead of just instruments. Beautiful song and lovely video. I have been binge watching and subscribed🤗
So nice
Your music is so nice and you are so beautiful and your recipes  is so good 👏
สวยงามจิงๆ
I like this beautiful garden 😍😍😘😘
CANT STOP WATCHING HER VIDEOS 😍😍😍
Can you show more about making your type of wooden utensils then cooking this is a request......I like watching your video's
영상이 너무 아름 다워요 항상 잘보고있어요~♡♡♡
李子柒。你是比厨师还更高级啊。你太厉害了👍。你每个视频我都很喜欢看很欣赏你的生活在乡下平静的地方。希望你和奶奶过的梗好的日子开开心心的过下去。
❤❤❤❤❤
When her videos pop up in my feed, the titles appear in Chinese characters so I can't really understand them. And then when I click on the videos the titles are translated into English and they're always surprisingly poetic
I watched this every night to fall as sleep because I have insomnia and the song make me sleep ang the background noise 😪❤️❤️
ASMR would be great 💗😊 no music
Amazing video and i love the subtitle it's what it is... if you know what I mean! So natural so Beautiful. my favourite videos I have ever subscribed of anyone's.
какая прекрасная  страна Китай,сказочно  красивый  Китай,  как хочется увидеть все это в  реальности...
💚💚💚
Last season i prepared candies of peel..it was tasty n digestive too
Hi liziqi la kerala malppuram good video 😍❤️
I love the Howl’s Moving Castle theme!
i love pomelo.. iYou are lucky to have a pomelo vineyard.. so exciting to see them in your own garden..
Fan VN chị quá trời, chị làm sub Việt luôn,  thích ghê 😍😍
I didnt know you can use the skin also....
Someone give the cameraman an Oscar
Nice lizigi soooogod🥰
支持支持！守护最好的柒柒
This looks so good and my throat hurts too!!!
delicious.👍
Oh my gosh....that fruit looks like a giant pear!! Would love to grow EVERYTHING that she harvests from!! So healthy to just go outside and pick it off the tree, off the vine, off the trellis, etc.!!
Mi canal favorito ..esa música tan relajante
❤️❤️❤️👍
It's very relaxing 😊😍
不要那些黑粉哈小姐姐只要你开心就气死黑粉就可以了
Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰. Fantastic...😘
4tr sub rồi cô nương ơi...yêu cô quá 😍😍😍😍😍
I feel like I have been there that place in my past life,love this girl xoxo from Philippines❤
Very Nice Liziqi  my fevrt 🥰😍
ชอบทุกคลิปเลยค่ะ..ประเทศเขาอุดมสมบูรณ์มากค่ะ..ปลูกอะไรก็งามและสมบูรณ์..ทำคลิปมาให้ดูอีกเยอะๆนะค่ะ...
💖💖💖💖💖
柚子茶，不是应该用红柚子吗
De esas condenadas toronjas, acá en coatepec, solo se puede comer la cascara. Nice video, with love from México!
Eu tô apaixonado por essa chinesinha. Ela é linda.
l enjoy watching your video.
I think just hanging out with this gorgeous woman in her garden for a while could cure any illness. :)
so pretty
Интересная мадам. На все руки, так сказать
이분 진짜 대단하신듯 합니다  못하시는게 없네요  살고 계신곳이 어딘지는 모르겠지만 참 좋으곳 같습니다  좋은영상 늘 잘보고 있습니다
really, idk the title means but when i saw the end of the vid i finally understand that it was a tutorial about how to make a jam. am i right?
Those haters still watch her videos anyway, they just don't appreciate life at its best....simple yet full of peace and sincere happiness
Потрясающе!!!!!!
👌👌
Muốn xin nhập hộ khẩu nhà chị ghê lun á.🥰🥰🥰
好一天 😊 到了
Im Bangladeshi but i like your all videos......
1 video giàu sự đầm ấm và bình yên, thật vui khi hiểu thông điệp của video
Amazing n so inspiring ..thx for uploading.👍
🤤
I fell in love with the nature by seeing your vedios
Hay ya quiero sembrar
Your all videos are good and you looking so beautiful
Wow amazing , delicious. Hummmmmmmmm yummy 😋.
Thank you so much for all your good recipes.
I thought it was a jam😂😂😂😂 but a tea.. nice... I'm sure it will taste delicious😉😉😉😉
มันดีมากเลยTT
A música e  muito relaxante .
Really nice
0:17 OMG Ziqi looked at us 😍😍😍🥰
Cảnh vật ở đây thật là lạ mà ấm áp
Vì nới đây có người con gái thật biết khéo tay
Wait a minute 
That's a citrus fruit? 
So big????
Почему я смотрю все эти Ваши видео без остановки? я очарована)))
Thanks  for putting  names  for all  ingredients
👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍👌👌👌
Памело... Обожаю этот фрукт
nhìn bưởi ngon quá
🤤🤤🤤🤤 If you watch her video... and you  are not relaxed you‘r nod a normal Person
Khổ ghê có mỗi phiên dịch không cũng lười nữa à 😂😂 thik chị lắm lun chị ra video nào cũng hay hết trơn áh
It's so nice to sit down with earbuds in while this video works as background noise and also a visual distraction when I start getting eye strain from writing my research paper
Yummy
Có phụ đề tiếng việt thích ghê <3
0:17 its very rare that Liziqi see our eyes...
Greyfurt hayal dünyanıza kalmış, ister reçel ister suyunu sıkın....✔
Hermosa música de fondo gracias
Di Indonesia ada ada dua jenis ada yang dagingnya merah dan ada yang putih yang paling enak yang warna merah. Namun susah dicari adanya di pedesaan
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I love her cooking  stayl  and her garden
I want to know which vegetables , animal or thing is not available in lizzichi garden..
Maybe I also make a jam like this on my menu
it's so peaceful, i love all of this video, and the backgroubd music i thought i've heard it somewhere but i cannot remember
Super 😋😋😋😋😋😋
I wish they cast different actress/actor in each different episodes of this village life vlogs. This is a beautiful movie documentary but we need varieties.
I swear she does everything in elegance
supper video My dear friend
Очень захотела попробовать
Mere pas shabad nahi hai bolne ke liye ki ye kitna khubsurat hai ye jagah
She is so beautiful😍
I wish I could give an extra like for the intro song 😍😍
Maa Syaa Allah✨ Suka gemas dan pengen banget ke tempat liziqi kalau udah liat gini. Ga bosen² nonton vidionya dr atas sampe bawah walaupun diulang2. Pamelo itu jeruk bali bukan sih? Atau jeruk purut hwheww
You were too born 🥰
I looooove pomelo sooo much but we rarely have it cause here it is pretty expensive😭😭😭
We call this jambura.
The background music is from Spirited Away💛
The background music is so peaceful...I'm loving it
She is so strong. She splits the grapefruit easily.
why don't you upload videos now?🥺
Very talented and lucky lady, would be nice to be with, a Queen like her...💯👍
♥️♥️♥️
she's beautiful , i wish i can understand her writing
Please send ma a jar of that it looks wonderful I love all ur videos keep doing this it's so nice to see all the wonderful things u do
let's say you have to pick Gordon Ramsey or her to live with in a remote island covered with forest,  who are you gonna pick?
Omg you were at 3.6 mil yesterday and now you’re at 4mil aHHHHH so happy for you
I can't stop watching you 😍
😍👌
Can't stop watching her videos
O nasıl mandalin öyle kız 😱😱😱😱
Nice i like the sweets
The video titles are always poetic in a way.
子漆姊很厲害~好佩服👍。
😮😮😮😮😮❤❤
I truly love all your videos
😍😍😍😍
怎么说呢，谢谢你， 我在读大学，周围生活光怪迷离，我自己也静不下来，乱糟糟的， 所以，谢谢你。
I love her with all the power of nature
I keep smiling at these videos, i dont know why
😋😋😋
🇧🇷😘❤️❤️❤️😍
Really nice liziqi
I started seeing liziqi's video with this one.anyone here also?????🥳
السلام عليكم تسمى هذه الفاكهه بالعراق بالاترنج أو الاطرنج ونعمل منه المربى ايضا ولكن من القشور السميكه البيضاء وليس من اللب حيث نعمل من هذه القشور مربى رائعه ولذيذه جدا   والسلام
Beautiful. linda. I am brazil
Какой огромный фрукт! Это наверное помело,да?
Very Beautifully done !!
Gjb😊🥰
An Angel fallen from heaven and became liziqi  😍😍😍😍heartwarming  😘
👍👍👍❤️👌
ziqi注意音乐版权哦，如果已经有了请忽略我的留言。加油加油！祝婆婆身体健康。
I love this song and this video always with me ✌❤🙏
I love the song, it makes me feel so peaceful.
Superb
Can't stopped watching ur video😭😭😭❤️
Nature and music
哇为什么我觉得那里什么都有天哪
It looks jam or marmelade. I want to eat bread with it!!!

Thanks!!!
Of course Lizi Qi is using Studio Ghibli music, a divine combo
অনেক মজা
Ааааа, музыка такая * ^ *
И видео такое... calm
我比较喜欢柚子皮
I like to eat your cook looks like delicious
Beautiful video as always
Indonesia sebut ini buah jeruk bali
For all... 
Gordon is a chef... She is a farmer and a natural cook..... Pls no comparison
I love when the captions are there to tell me what's going on
BGM - spirited away - always with me 🍃
The best. Channel& premium quality  video
Very inspiring👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Ai vietsub video này vậy ?=)) cười gần chết
柚子也太大了吧！
Hermosoo
Best music
Best video& Yummy Food..👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Relax 🌱
i watched your vidio, event though to replay again and again. so enjoying...love you sister,❤
Similar to oranges ..🤔
Isso é uma laranja? 🇧🇷🇧🇷
你的视频让我觉得莫名安心😊
How is that meant to be eaten? By the spoonful, or do you put it on bread or crackers, like you would with preserves?
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
還是第一次看到這樣煮法的， 妹太牛了
മലയാളീസ് ഒരു ലൈക്ക് അടിക്കണേ ഇതിലെ പോകുന്നെങ്കിൽ
Im suppose to be studying for my four test tomorrow!!!!!
Có vietsub luôn... ưu ái fans Việt Nam quá!
Cada vídeo um encanto diferente, um aprendizado. 
Nunca tinha visto esse fruto😍
You give me Harvest Moon Vibesssssss ❤
everything is so pure so clear over there ...!!!!
Is that stone sugar? Anyone please
How do they control the temperature of the oven or stove by fire?
😘😘😘😘😍😍
Es un placer ver como aprovechas todo lo que la Madre Tierra Nos Da mis saludos desde Argentina🇦🇷😘
Literally pomelo is the best thing ever
It’s like a therapy 🥰
Sao chị ấy lại xinh vy nhỉ
I might actually try this. thanks!
ฉันรักช่องนี้
This fruit is my favorite.we don’t make it in my country just eat like fresh fruit... its tasty sweet and sour .🇧🇩
شكد احب قناتج هادئه ونظافه والاحلا ماكو كلام 😅
She looks happy which is missing in stressful lives
She is sooo beautiful
The music is stunning😘😘😘
❤️
Такую девушку надо в жены брать! 😘
ياريت يكون في ترجمه والف شكر لكم
I'm craving 😋 It's called pomelo and I really like to watch your channel Vid what a wealthy life with nature. 😉
Oooh its spirited away's OST 😍 Love your videos
Love the spirited away music and you and this video ahhhhh
❤️❤️
I love that music 😍😍 😍❤️😍😍
👏👏👏
Beautiful place....clean and refreshing  😘
If I could only have a woman like Liziqi. I would be the luckiest man on earth. I would love to know what part of China she lives in. I mean this girl really knows her stuff, she can even make beer, not that I drink any kind of liquor anyway, but just saying how resourceful this woman is, I really enjoy watching her making things, like the she makes Chinese Ink sticks, and when she cooks for her family you can really see the love that she puts into it,  why couldn’t I meet her when I was traveling around going from place to place...
ohmygosh! the background music is from spirited away uwu 💕
Hi liziqi i like ur name this video is ✌️🖤 you are very 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
along with ghibli's soundtrack.. so peaceful
Plz upload new video i m waiting
1.- THAT IS A POMELO!?
2.- How she is so talented?
3.- English sub? So sweet♡ ty
Very beautiful videos. You guys blend in ghibli music ? LOL - good PR and cute, smart way to promote ancient and chinese culture. Greetings
А как фрукт называется?
Is it tea or jam?
Love the Spirited Away music 🤗
খুব সুন্দর
I think i can smell the video... 😍😍😍 very citrusy... and that is the largest pomelo i have ever seen 🤔
Một người con gái nh thế này bây giờ biết tìm ở đâu ! Ai đó rất may mắn khi lấy được cô ấy làm vợ
I love you  Liziqi.....im happy that I was dreaming abt China when I was in 3rd grade....and Lord fulfilled my dream...
我爱你 李子奇
Amy from Oman🇴🇲❤🇨🇳
ive been binge watching a lot of youtube vids.. this one is sooo relaxing. so glad youtube recommended this channel to me 👍 she is amazing
Seres especiales y bien educadas.Amo este canal!!! Gracias
😍😍😍
That's one of my fav fruit. We make pickle from it n eat it. Gonna try the tea now😉😉. N I think this one was the easiest to try out of all her videos cuz u can get all the ingredients easily👍. BTW love her n her videos a lot. Best videos of all time in utube😍❤❤
Como se llama la canción 😥   What the song is called
Hi am from India...Wooww wat a place ..wat a cooking style ..I really like your video ..
In Scotland we’d call that “marmalade”. The pomelo (I think it was) is the biggest orange I’ve ever seen!
What a inspiration this young woman is👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I’m sure her grandmother is very proud of her, rightly so👍
Can you please get English subtitles as i would love to know the exact names for ingredients.
I enjoy watching your videos 👌
오빠, 오른쪽 자몽, 오른쪽 시스 🍊🍊🍊🍋🍋
Me encanta! Alucino con todos sus vídeos 😍
I love your video to much
We call that “Suha” in the Philippines 😀
Felicidades ,me relaja  tanto  verte cocinar  o trabajar!
I'm in Vietnam, and we also eat pomelo / grapefruit or use it to make dessert, make tea like this in daily life. So actually it's not new to me.
I still enjoy watching her video because it's beautiful and help relax 😊
Parece dulce de mamon  o cayote
Que mulher incrível e maravilhosa.
❤️
Para quem não sabe o nome dela é lizi liang  😚
Такое видео умиротворяющее! Девушка - просто Золушка, да и природа вокруг сказочная! Всем смотрящим - счастья и добра!
Hi 
I love your videos you are great doing great working 
Love from Pakistan
Can you please tell me the name of this fruit
I’m still amazed by the different types of fruits and veggies she has available in the area she lives.
your videos are extremely relaxing .  great work 😊
💜
In the Philippines we call that suha.
It looks tasty 🤤


We eat this raw and dip it in vinegar or ivatan vinegar it's really tasty
Oh my God, it is a beautiful injection
Can anyone tell me where to buy a pomelo plant for my backyard in US?
Thank you for doing everything so well. Watching you do the things you do brings peace to me.
Tus videos me llenan de satisfacción y tranquilidad
I wanna know name of her background song.
This looks so delicious and good I just wish I could of have some of what she made
❤️
見てるとすごい落ち着く
Я просто кайфую, неимоверное эстетическое удовольствие от просмотра. Девушка просто неземное создание, восхищаюсь
Those pomelos are gigantic! I've also never seen pomelo used a tea, might have to give it a try. <3
kalo di indonesia namanya jeruk bali
I haven't seen a pomelo that big 😱😱😱... That's my favorite fruit 😍😍😍😋
Wao🥰🥰🥰
这样的女人娶回家真有口福
Muito bom seus videos.
I dont undestsnd ur languge bt i feel so good by watching ur videos. It is so refreshing.
YouTube recommended this to me and I couldn't be happier! This woman is a forest goddess.
Its very impressive to me how a simple girl such as you can, at the same time, get this amazing camera shots. Im simply obssessed with this chanel
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Such a relaxing video! Watching every day one of the videos. Thank you so much! Hello from Azerbaijan Baku.
Segar2 buahnya.
La musica es de la pelicula EL VIAJE DE CHIHIRO😍😍
I knew it was just a matter of time till I saw an episode involving pomelo😍.I know Chinese loves pomelo.we have those here in the Caribbean but they are not so big.here in saint Lucia we call this fruit shaddock.
you literally make my day ❤
😍😍😍🥰🥰
I could watch this channel all day and never get bored
这些果酱涂在面包上肯定很不错
柚子長的這麼大這麼漂亮
Agora vou seguir seu canal não preciso entender sua língua para compreender o que sente vivendo de maneira simples e maravilhosa
I really like your videos they make me calm down and take me away from exams stess ❤❤
❤️👍
The whole wide world iscelebrating with joy if we only had they same lifestyle like her.
❤️❤️❤️💯
I realy like to watch her every time I'm resting in my room she's so nice and gorgeous
Parabéns Pela iniciativa e ensinamento. Bora  arrochar no like
看了之后完全停不下来😂😂
Lindo 👏
ME PARECE Q FICOU BEM APETITOSOO,BRASIL.🤗💖👍👏🇧🇷🇧🇷
l  love🥰😍
I miss my childhood, we have to these kinda fruit in our garden, ours is red color inside. We grind them with salt and red chilli and ate it raw during summer. Specially on a lazy day 😊
delicious inside
这柚子真好～个头大，水份足～
La melodía me da mucha paz,super!!
I have a Pomelo tree on my family’s land a couple hours away! Now I want to make honey pomelo tea! So cool!!
I love that music
China seems to have so many different cool fruits and ingredients that I've never seen or heard of
💛💜
I have a pomelo tree at home. But no pomelos, only full of leaves. :(
SENCILLAMENTE HERMOSO TODO
Uuuh, good grief! Simply fantastic again and as always. Very meditational. Everything is looking sooo nice/good.
Thanks a lot for making taping editing uploading and sharing.
คุณสวยมาก💝🇨🇷
I love the captions thank you 💕 🙏🏻 😊
Mexerica gigante?
The world richest woman...c has everything in her backyard given by  Mother Nature!!!
I had no idea such massive citrus fruits existed
I just know there are another species of Bali Gigantic Orange Fruit in this world 😮 we love u
Ваши видео прекрасны!
I hope a wonderful partner finds Li and she becomes more happier than she appears to be.
اللهم صل وسلم على نبينا وحبيبنا محمد عليه افضل الصلوات واتم التسليمات 💕💞
That my dear is called marmalade here in America. And I am grateful you have taken the time to make this video. It look delicious.
Good job
Hi I'm from Pakistan and I love to see your videos. 😍😍😍😍
I would love to try this, you make beautiful and poetic videos.
Really somewhere else there is such harmony of the person with the nature... It is delightful
Hi I am from bangladhes and you are so cute and sweet girl.
La canción del viaje de Chihiro :3 es la combinación perfecta <3
Is this citron or green pomelo
The moment she looked in the camera.omoo cutie.
I found these videos satisfying and I got so many things learned from here
The titles of her videos are literally poetry...
My most fvrd channel.. ..
Love u so much sister..........really miss ur beautiful life
Hello from México, your videos are  la hostia!
Amazing Video✨
Your Dream 🌕
You can tell when she shot the video by herself or someone else/ cameraman. And this one is by herself. But still good shot & detailed
Bu kız istediğim hayatı yaşıyor 😍
You are so cute and beautiful girl and hardworking
such beauty, the colours, the music, the sounds, the food, and, if I ever have another girlfriend, she must have the poise and polish of this young lady, and, great camera work, I love this channel...more please
Amazing, love traditional culture...
เราเป็นคนไทยชอบดูเทอมาก
Very nice view and the food looks so yummy
Very inspirate for my...strong women,smart women...i like u
Iam arabic  and I love your active
看妳的影片都有種「身心舒暢」的感覺🤗
鄉村的純樸，巧妙用植物點綴，這是最極致的美
💙
Let's get this woman in the next #YouTubeRewind
I love pomelotree
她是从哪里学来的，她真的好厉害👍👍
これらのビデオは素晴らしいです
 Estos videos son maravillosos
I feel at peace watching your videos.  Thanks for that.
I like you vidio. Iam from Indonesia. 👍
I would use that like orange marmalade and put it on toast, yummy :)
Nice
это у наз называется варенье, только помело у нас не растет
А можно мне баночку этой вкусняшки) о_О
I like your video clips. Like doing your food very much Now, follow all the clips and click on the bell. I am from thailand
She is Beautiful Loved her talent Feel so peaceful She show us God's created Beautiful Nature.
Не знаю как это на вкус,но сырая помела тоже вкусная
I just ❤️her
I want to try this with lemon and ginger.
この動画探してたー！
you are an  amazing girl. Love from Bangladesh 🍊😍😍😘
Я так думаю что этот мега апельсин очень вкусен в варенье.
Wonderful and useful channel. Beautiful photograph, edition, full of lovely and tender details. And cute girl, healthy, strong, knowledgeable and skillful. I like to see her move and work, with few movements accurate, the result of much practice. 

I read a lot of comments about "American ignorance" about old techniques. Don't be fooled. 

The ignorant are the typical inhabitants of a city, in America, China or anywhere else. I grew up half in the city and half on farms, in Argentina, a very young country (500 years since the first Spanish settlers). There I could see many similar techniques (to those of this channel) that must have their origin in Spain or medieval Italy. I saw making houses with mud and straw, I saw transforming sheep's wool into thread, making sausages, sweets and long-lasting food without refrigerator, making thread garments, wool or leather, candles, soaps, wood or cane furniture ... Of all, practical knowledge that the people of the city have lost. Surely the people of the American countryside also know.

 If there were a hecatomb, most of the survivors would die soon after due to ignorance of basic survival techniques. Farmers are more prepared, and they are tougher people.
احلى الفيديوهات
Such a pretty fruit!
Very Nice
I am glad that she likes soundtracks from studio Zibree(?)
Hello from Minnesota, USA! Can you do a video how you make the crystal sugar?
Omg wow basically i was just eating pomelo with my family and then i went on YouTube and found THIS on my recommended lol😂👌
Woah beauitful
الله يحفضك ويعطيك الصحة والعافية تسلمي على كل شغلك👍👍👍🤩🤗😍😘🙋‍♀️
🥰👍
😘😍❤️❤️❤️❤️
This looks delicious 😋 
I wish she’s my relative 👌
總算找到真正的李子柒，好多盜版的，不過這因該是真的吧😂😂😂
I cried to see your videos because it's just so beautiful.
Now I knew one great way to eat that fruit👍
Love you 😘😊
Delicious and healthy!
Que tangerina grande
我去 这刀功真的是厉害了！
А таком жизнье просто мечтать 😀👍👍👍💖💖💖
I will never know, why l love to watch you endlessly.
😜😜😜😋😋😋😋💕💕💕❤️❤️شكراً
اقسم بالله ان فديوهات هي المراة راحة نفسية 😊
Just wow
Love from indonesia
Extraordinary; beautiful, smart, relaxing, loving... Briliant!
I just want a simple life like this 🍃
She is so beautiful.
I love everything she does!!! 
Anyone know the name of the song?
👌👍
മലയാളികൾ ആരേലും ഉണ്ടോ 😁?
Мощно👍👍
You are very sweet girl.
00:17 I LOVE IT! Touching my heart so bad ♥ ♥ ♥
Bring to a Boil that rind 7 times. let cool each time, dump water add fresh, squeeze bitter water out of the rinds. Make a syrup with sugar and cinnamon and simmer until well coated. Enjoy with cream cheese. Its heavenly..
tuyệt vời
Biasanya jeruk bali di sini rasanya asam dan kebanyakan dibuang. Jadi begitu toh, bisa dijadikan minuman, lain kali aku akan mencoba membuatnya.
Thx for recipe
We call pomelo as nobab.
I'm bagging for the video with inglish🙏😊
Like já do TROVÃO TREZE . Tmj   OSS 👏👏👏👏
I love how you do everything without using plastic
I like your video sis
so relaxing.😍🌸
this fruit is really big
0:58
Plot twist: that's actually a mandarin orange. She's just really, really small.
영상 볼때마다 정말 힐링되네요
Beautiful video and creator 😍
The best background music 👍
Love Nature,Love life, love simplicity,Love you 😘😍😘
👍😘
千と千尋の神隠しの曲だから高評価押しときます
勿論動画も大好きです
이언니는 도대체 못하는게 뭐야~~
в коментах люди Всех стран💜👍
The background music is so relaxing & the place look beautiful
That's beautiful 😍
You are blessed by God.
👏👏👏👍👍👍🇧🇷🇧🇷😘😘
In my countryside home,t doesn't grows so big..
キレェ。。スゲーな
Mmm. Pomelo. I can only get them in winter at certain stores, but I but then whenever I can.  I would love to have a tree of my own
ням ням! варенье из помело)))
♥
When I heard ‘Always with me’ I almost cried,I love that song and Spirited away❤️
😘😘😘
I forgot about ma pomelo tree until I saw this
特别想知道你家怎么什么都有，我在美国，最近种园子，发现如果能做到像你家那样样样都有真的太美好了
Обязательно сварю такое варенье. Чудесно. Cool thanks, very interesting shooting. Do you really do this year after year or is it a production film? I can not understand
My  Best  Video liziq 🍜
Beautiful place..❤
😘😘👌
I like ur all videos I feel better
好喜歡你的一系列菜餚手作，想請問妳切菜用的粘板購於哪裡
In nepali  we called it bhogatta
These traditional practice process videos are about to blow up on the Internet.
Супер!!!💕💖👍💕💕💕
WHAT IS THE TITLE OF THE SONG?
I love your background music and the way you make something.
👌👍🙂
Can someone make a brief list of what she is doing? 
1. She peeled the fruit
2. Cleaned the peel from the white part, and cut in slice then were put in water( is water? Need confirm) 
3. Cleaned the juicy part
4. Then in the pit she put water and what are those crystal things? Is a type of sugar? 
5. Then she put the peel, (how much the cook time?)
6. After she put the juicy parts (again how much I have to cook it)
7. Finally honey 

So can someone help me for those parts I don’t know?  I would really like to make jam from it because my fruit lays in the fridge and I don’t wanna it raw. And last but not less important, this type of jam how much it last? Months?

Thank you very much❤️
That is the biggest farm pomelo I’ve ever seen!
I falled in love for you. Delicata, semplice, stupenda. Greetings from Italy.
I like grafefruittea
I love this woman! thank you
Starting ringtone touch my heart
I am from Planet Pluto! N i love your videos.😍😍
the music is so beautiful and relaxing.
這種蜜柚和我家種的大白柚很像，不過蒂頭上半部卻是文旦。大白柚不能用手轉蒂頭只能用剪的。
I am big fan of u
I LOVE the music!😍
So nice Lizipi
It's my favorite song from Spirited Away.
This is like a fictional movie that Im dying to live in
好，現在開始拍賣，底價，每瓶5仟人仔～～～請出價！
柚子茶を日本で言う晩白柚（ばんぺいゆ）の様な物で作ってる様ですね
凄く美味しそう
ザボンとかグレープフルーツで代用して作れそうかな
Eres la mujer mas hermosa que pisa esta tierra... Eres unangel y yo enamorado de ti y de tus manos
👏👍
i love it 👌👌👌
ชอบเสียงประกอบจัง🎶🎶
Love you from Pakistan 😃😍😘😘😘
带我们看到中国的文化👍🏻
I love all these videos very fascinating
🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
Can you tell me the particular artist who plays this "Itsumo Nando Demo" song on flute (translates as Always With Me)? Album? Love 😍
👌👌👌👌 mamata
2020 Who still watching this video??
Ohhh the soundtrack, i remember ♥️ loved it
Excellent again !
Peace and Love from Australia !
หนูชอบวิดีโอพี่มากค่ะ
Dang, I can only imagine that as super sweet.
Hay...love u ❤️❤️❤️ im like u vidio. Im from indonesia. 😘
Looks like marmalade 🤔
Ước gì có 1 cuộc sống yên bình nhu thế
Giỏi😃
Ахрененно большой апельсин!
Çok enterasan şeyler yapıyorsun temizde yapıyorsun ama o köpeği mutfaktan uzak tutarsan daha temiz olurdu. Birde türkçe yazsan.😂❤❤❤
At 00:17 seconds its the first time I see @lizqi looking in the camera
شيئ رائع وحياه وطبيعه جميله جدا
💜💙💚💛❤
Is she just too smol or is that fruit insanely big? I honestly can't tell
beautiful girl, delicious jam, wonderful music. can you duplicate it in English?😍🍊🎍💐
Is rock sugar healthier for you? 
You seem to put it on almost everything just wondering.
♥️
You used the Spirited Away soundtrack, this is it. You just won my heart forever
Pamelo=amalfi lemon?
這柚子的尺寸好驚人啊😱
Ahhh japinha prendada!! 😍
I love the music, I think it's from Spirited Away? Great video, as always!
മുസമ്പി 😍
Love each of your videos
👍😘🥀🌹
柚子這麼大顆啊∑(ﾟДﾟ)
Обожаю помело
Please,only one day visit....I will give for this everything...my life too🙏🙏🙏
These are wonderful
GREAT VIDEO WITH GREAT MUSIC
Nice
Greetings from Ukraine 🇺🇦
TORANJA GIGANTE?
EU TAMBEM QUERO EM TRAS OS MONTES...A FROTA DA NATO QUE VA FAZER O MESMO EM TRAS OS MONTES...EM AFRICA E EM TODO O LADO..CHOCAR ARVORES COM PLASMA
OU...VAMOS TER PROBLEMAS
جميل
Love it
What fruit is it? Incredible!
👍👍👍👍👍👍
/what fertilizers do they use on this farm?? My crops are not so big
自己动手丰衣足食
How does this Pomelo grown in a cold climate like hers? It has snowed in some of her videos.
Her knife slides into everything so smoothly .
Eum sejuknyaa
Update with the new content, playing the traditional music with traditional instruments☺☺☺☺😁thank you
❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰👏👏😍😍😋
这个早期的作品明显就是自己拍的
OMFGG This studio Ghibli music is making me so happy. Im happy that she knows it <3 T^T. This song is called Always with me or Itsumo Nando Demo
Класс!
This song is my childhood.
How to consume this? Dissolve it in a hot tea / hot water ? Or eat it like a jam?
Beautiful
👍👍👍👍👍
人生的最高境界就是反璞歸真～～
thank you for the BGM & Visual Treat!!
What fruites are those
this makes me remember spirited away😊
I wish this girl were my daughter!
MAY GOD BLESS YOU GIRL!
itsumo nando demo was so fitting for this video
I appreciate the Ghibli music. Also I dream of living like this
Be care foul 👍
Itsumo nando Demo as the background 😄😄💕💞 AAAAAHHHH....
Itsumo nando demo =) you have great music taste
It would be lovely to believe that this is real ..
it’s like a giant mandarin
I will also make for sure, we got lots in our garden we simply let it be without eating and now you gave me an idea... But what is the cube that you add?
nyam lezat
Yeah 到了 为什么每次bgm都那么好听
Best camera team ever.
這次居然是用中國風外的BGM！
Tam'da  istediğim hayat...
شهلجمال
Hola bonita buenos días
Great as ever
Hii iam aathi i like your channel 🥰🥰🥰
എനിക്ക് ഇഷ്ട്ടമാണ് ഇവരുടെ വീഡിയോസ്  വളരെ നാച്ചുറൽ
That music make me cry 😢 Amazing that flute 🎹🎺
I can't stop watching her videos




Because her videos are 




Really soothing😍🤗
🥰😍❤🥰😍
个人美德在心生起哈哈也是个心。多谢你的分享。
Nice
この歌は 千と千尋の神隠し🎶🐉👧🏻
Sprinted away ♥️
She is divine..
Amaziiiing !!
Ниньзя,лайк тебе!
Super
我都没见过柚子，这么大的
Now I know what song will be playing in my head for the rest of the night.
رائع فيديو يبث الحياة
这个视频很早期了，和近期的对比一下可以看出镜头都是固定的 大概率是李子柒自己拍的，厉害
You are such an inspiration! I started to enjoy cooking much more after your videos ❤️
Admiro tanto lo que haces!! Soy de México!! Y soy tu fan!!! :3 como me gustaría ver subtitulos en español, para poder entender más lo que haces, son tan bellos los vídeos que estoy segura de que no soy la única que te pide esto en un idioma diferente al tuyo!! Ojalá pudieras darnos gusto a todos tus los fans del mundo!!! Felicidades!!!
Nice
Inspirador <3 muchas gracias por compartir tu vida. Amor en cada segundo de lo que haces, en las cosas sencillas está la felicidad
Gracias 😊
I miss her videos 😓
Does anyone know the name of music background?
OMG! I’m so happy I found you on YouTube. I love watching your videos. I love how you do everything from scratch (getting things from the tree ) please put english subtitles. ❤️❤️
Que hermoso , de verdad  me gustaría tener ese estilo de vida 😍
Jeruk China🤤
PARABÉNS!!! QUE DOCE LINDO! MIL PARABÉNS!!! QUE DELÍCIA VER VC FAZER!!! VCS TE. MUITA DICIPLINA E ISSO É LINDO MINHA QUERIDA!! DEUS ABENÇOE MUITO VCS!
How much i love her
Amo tus vídeos !!!! Quiero vivir de esta manera ❤️❤️❤️😘😘
Tudo lindo e maravilhoso !♡☆
👌👌👌👌
Muito linda ❤
او كتير حلو
2:20
髪　美　Her hear is beautiful
Perfeito! 🌼
I'm an Indian. Still I love watching this video..the music..the way she does everything..the utensils..the nature around..all these things really make me feel calm and relaxed..
The background music is from spirited away if im not mistaken.
i love this tune.
So healing
Jeruk China🤤
Y me gusta x q cosina con mucho picante, x q yo tambien cosino con mucho picante.
Name of the fruit
This tune is from Spirited away 🥺🥺♥️
Ух ты, а что это за фрукт такой большой?
Temos muito aprenfe cuktura custume povo..mendida certa claro..vontade propria...lindoss..manoo...;)
So Cute girl
معجون جميل.
,👍👍👍👍👍👍
Việt Nam 😘😘điểm danh cái nè🤗🤗🤗
😍😍😍
🙋🇲🇽
0:17 my beloved queen😍
2018!! всем  привет  из Казахстана спасибо  😘😘
I want these songs so badly
👍🏻👍🏻😁
내가 이 영상으로 구독을 눌렀지.. 최근 영상들도 좋지만.. 나는 지금처럼 기계처럼(?) 자연스러운것보다 뭔가 조금은 수줍수줍 어색한(?) 옛날 영상에서 나오던 그런 자연적인.. 스러움이? ..옛날은 혼자했고 지금은 지원도 받아서 카메라맨이나 뭐 그런 사람들이 도와주는건 알겠지만 그래도 의도적인 것 말고 의도적이여도 옛날 영상처럼 의도하지않은 것 같은 느낌이 그리워 ㅜㅜ
Its just  me or she looks very similar to mina from twice 😮
Muito bom gostei um super like 🇧🇷😘❤️
Oooh it’s like a giant citrus fruit 😍 I wish we had those where I live
厉害
I love her vids. So much of the old methods we have forgotten or use faster methods that don’t bring the same results
Super
BGMが千と千尋の神隠しだ( ʘʖ̮ʘ )
Te admiro mucho mujercita por lo simple y natural q haces tus vídeos y transmites ese poder de la naturaleza
Meu anjo adoro seus vídeos! Formidável o deu trabalho
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I've no clue how I ended up here, but this is by far the best channel I've come across. It's so calm and soothing. Thanks for the videos.
What's the background music please?
韩国卖的柚子茶，里面没有一颗果肉，全是皮
Kkkk o troço é igual uma laranja que doido! Aqui no Brasil até tem uma árvore que dá um fruto parecido, mas acho que é um tipo de cabaça ou coité (vasilhame),  Apesar de surpreso gosto dos seus vídeos, são lindos.
Da mucha paz este vídeo es una obra de arte saludos desde Peru
chill getting thicker yours and mine is mercury readings dropping
It looks so yummy I wish I could taste it. 😋
来自2021的问候，这个时候子柒还是自己拍摄么？感觉略有青涩的感觉 ：)
When she looked at the Camera at 0:17

ME: 🤟🙄
Was not expecting that to be a citrus! That was some David the Gnome type of thing! Seriously is that how a gnome would feel opening up a regular-sized orange 😂?? I was amazed! Totally enjoying this channel, thanks for showing us your life 🤓
wow I love you  😍😍انا كتير بحبك
😍😍😍
I am like my sister and I love the sister very so much 😊🎎😊😊😊
👌👌👌👌👌
روعة هل من جزائري هنا
👏👍❤🙌🌹🇲🇪💞🙏
Always with me.....my favorite song...:3
ماهي هذي الفاكهة ما اسمها واين منشئها
Spirited Away in the BGM 😍
👍
I wanna visit your farm, I wanna live there at least as your servant.
Instrument Always With Me♥ OST Spirited Away💝
Her vedios and the music is just wow😚😚
👏👏👏🤑🤑😚😚🤩🤩
深深的理解了民族的就是世界的这句话。老祖宗几千年绵延不绝的文化传承是其他民族望其项背的，只是我们的不自信和浮躁，丢弃的太多，:-(
Nice
子柒  油管上有很多你的视频被转载掉了   其中这个也是之一  配上越南语标题  改掉bgm   而且他们还有广告！！！
что за фрукт?
سبحان الله يارب نشوف الفاكهه في جنتك ياالله
💓
ジブリ！

千と千尋の神隠し！

嬉しい(,,･ω･,,)
Omg when she peels it its so white and fluffy like a cloud i love it! 💕
Thank you for the English captions.. very helpful.. a most enjoyable site.
looks like a marmalade
pls add English subtitle.. those videos are so calm.. and living like this is my dream :( Love You soo much.. if i ever could go china...I will surely try to visit your place ♥♥
这不是果酱吗？为何叫茶？
That music make me drop of tear and ur lifestyle😢
Seus vídeos são ótimos:)
I wish I could make this myself. I'd love to try it.
Nice
i love the nature, the process, calming music. and its show how beautiful every process and also the beauty of you too. amazing..
为何李子柒的视频背景音乐可以用带有版权的
I like chineae!!!!!!!💖
Honey Pomelo Tea is very delicious! We make it at home too every time pomelo are in season. Thanks for the fantastic video!
This channel inspire me so much.And teach everyone how to live with nature.
Tôi ghét con quỷ này, nó làm như cái gì nó cũng biết. Tôi mà gặp được nó là nó biết tay tôi 😠😠😠😠
I love these videos. I'd love to just take 6-12 months and go to China and live out in the country and just turn everything off and concentrate like she does on make random dishes lmao
That cong em dep gai that .khong biet toi se the lay duoc em kg ho that
我覺得她就跟小野一樣狂0.0
These wonderful videos are so relaxing 😌 ❤️
يقول الله تعالى :(وَقُلِ اعْمَلُوا فَسَيَرَى اللَّهُ عَمَلَكُمْ وَرَسُولُهُ وَالْمُؤْمِنُونَ وَسَتُرَدُّونَ إِلَى عَالِمِ الْغَيْبِ وَالشَّهَادَةِ)
Thank you for these from Oregon USA. These are so very peaceful and soothing to watch. I wish I understood more, but they are truly soothing regardless. Thank you /bow
Sweet , uma delícia deve ser ! Very good
Eu sou o comentário brasileiro que você está procurando
Madre mía!! Q pomelos más enorme!!! Ya quisiera vivir a i pa disfrutar de esa maravillosa fruta!!!!
Nice
Hey,I wanna know about Ur haircare routine plzzzz🥺🥺♥️♥️♥️
Luv it. And with English translation , I can understand well . Will gonna try too. Thanks a lot
Brasil, Brasil , muito linda
😍🥰🥰😍
天哪 現在就想要做出這溫暖的甜漿😍
在忽冷忽熱的甘霖之下 看書飲茶 😚
Super
0:18 when someone I know look at me through the window during my class.
Seu sítio é um paraíso!
Es como una especie de mermelada de alcayota  !! Se ve genial.
それはおいしいです
So very calming,place.sorounding full of plants,veggies,and fruits...such a lovely place!! How I wish I'd leave this kind of place,perfect!!😍😍
我们绵阳的骄傲啊
悲しい音楽、再び心を聞く 😔
This video was wonderful.. 👍thank you for adding English words to your instructions .
Also would you consider doing a video on all of your cook ware and knives  and that hook blade thing you use sometimes. Thanks again love love love your work
我喜欢你😊😊
Never know that I will see that Citrus fruit as an ingredient in Chinese food. I've eat that Citrus fruit too in Bali but as a spicy salad called rujak. Sorry if i have a bad English. I love this video, glad it appear in my recommendation 😊
I am  very impressed by you. I am really proud of you 😁keep it up the same spirit
Super the video
I really want to try this recipe! 👍👍👍
আপনাকে খুব সুন্দর লাগে যদি বাংলাদেশে আসতেন
Hi liziqi I am India you all videos watching me I like your hair style
wow didn't know  you can do that with pomelo  I just wish it was translated  into english.very calming to watch.the scenery is awesome. thumbs up..
I greatly appreciate the instructions in the subtitles.
I miss this sound😌
Your work style is really soothing and relaxing our soul
Wow
柚子大きい！
我只是想說我昨天發現了你的視頻而且我很快就愛上了。美學是令人驚嘆的，而且體驗非常安靜。我非常愛他們，希望你能繼續長時間製作它們。
Lindo vídeo 😍🌷❤🌺🌻
我喜歡你的內容跟我來😍😘😍
Que mujer y sus manos, eres una Chinita con grandes sabidurias, felicitaciones esa merme lada se ve rica, lastima las barreras del idioma, alguien por ahi podria traducir lis ingredientes, se que la fruta es pomelo, no hay por ahi un conversor de idioma de videos, no vi si le aficiono axucar u otro edulcorante. Felicitaciones mujer eres un tesoro.
👍👍👍👍👌👌👌💞💞💞💞
哇塞
I love how every bit in her life is ecofriendly . If human race follows such lifestyle , we will never face any environment hazards
布衣衬娇娥，雅致胜绫罗。素手善劳作，返璞真生活。
So that's what that fruit is called!! Pomelo!! I had no idea. My neighbors have a huge tree and it grows quite big ones. Half of the tree grew onto our side and some of the fruit falls down. They don't eat the fruit unfortunately but I would always pick it, peel it, and take it apart to eat. I eat it with chilly and limes, it's delicious. I had no idea it was called a pomelo. My parents always called it the "Huge Grapefruit". 

I always live your videos. I learn something new
Very honored to be her 242nd subscriber, would thought she'd have so many more. Please include more about yourself in your videos, is that really your home and how you live? Exquisite! Can't wait for more new videos 💖
อยากรู้ชื่อเพลงง่าาา
Friend of mine pushed  one of your videos in my face and told me watch...3 hours later, and I continue to be impressed.  Pomelo marmalade to add to a great tea is amazing, and something I gotta try sometime.  

Thanks again for all the awesome videos, and I have to sleep now.  Night.
Super
You are using Spirited Away's song ;; I miss that movie
In English, this is called marmelade.  It is wonderful on toast!
Hola soy de México y aunque no entienda algo de lo que dicen me gusta ver tus vídeos 😂❤
Wow
Xem video của chị em cảm thấy cuộc sống bình yên và thanh bình hơn hẳn ..nó giúp em phấn đấu cố gắng để có 1 tương lai tươi sáng ..Mong chị ra nhiều video hay ..Mãi ủng hộ chị :)
i lost my absolute mind when the ghibli music started
I loved how she used the soundtrack from Spirited Away in this video because I've always thought she lived a Ghibli-kinda life ❤
Lindo de mais
Kangen sama liziqi....kemana liziqi.....kemana dirimu...
wow vous faites tellement bien les choses, vous avez des doigts de fée et un calme de moine, bravo xx
♥️🍏👰
이거보니까 왜 잠이...Zzzzz..
We have this in northeast India too.and we make salad and have it on a warm sunny afternoon with salt sugar and chilly powder.
I love the way you cook and do all the work so sweetly & patiently dear
This an early video of her before hire a professional guy caring the camer.
Que vida tan rica y sana ..
Me encantan tus videos son tan hermosos y me dan tanta calma ♡
Wow
That looks lovely! What would you usually eat pomelo jam with?
<3
No need watch any movie...after seeing you.
Well u staying in paradise
Your videography is first class, and your beauty is incomparable.
Ohhh darling, thanks a lot for english subtitles and description. I love your every video. Whatever you do is magical. 👍👍❤❤
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Been drinking Korean honey lemon tea bought from the Asian store. Think I can make my own. Thanks for the recipe, babe
Wow😮😮😮😍😍😙😙😙😙
Chị  là người  tử tế
Haces cosas muy interesantes y bonitas. Saludos
nossa que laranja grande  parabéns o seu sitio é muito lindo e com muita fartura abençoada seja você...
Her work is so delicate and perfect
In Gujarat india it is called chunda
مربة 😋😋😋😋😋😍🍃🍃🍃🍃
I love this fruit. in our language it's call Jambura
I'm from Zapami Village, India and I love your videos ❤
Super  girl
I love her vedios she never looked directly to camera ...0.18 she is too cute...my heart melt seeing her vedio and her culture ..lots of love from India
it’s so beautiful my whole soul is refreshed
Wow
超喜欢她，蜂蜜柚子茶真的很好喝😃
💗💕💕💕💘💘
If she met me.. I'm pretty sure she will surely say to me, be happy and have a peaceful life..
Rojo y frió momento de nostalgia, gran parte del placer.
QUE FRUTA GIGANTE É ESSA MANO
Buah naon eta teh gelis😁
That looks so beautiful.. and delicious
Praise the living God for giving you the knowledge that you have to be able to do the things that you are able to do always glorify him and he will add you on many many ways we all love and hope that you continue with your knowledge of knowing that there is someone higher and greater than you are and you credit all things to him and know that he is wiser than you and me and that he gives to us all things.
Good idea
Whenever I watch your video it makes me relaxed and cheerful.  Thank you for ur beautiful video...
Essa fruta é basicamente uma tangerina enorme
Nice
Me relajan sus videos
CAVE!! No, she is beautiful
THIS MUSIC!!!
Молодец красавица 😍
You are sooo intalligent😚😚😚😚😚
What's the name of this fruit? o. o
Love your videos ❤️
People from all around the world are watching this nice lady because she is so sweet, calm, and skillful.
👏👏👍😀😀😀
Does anyone know which region of China the video takes place in? I wish I could grow that many fruits and vegetables at home!!!
The best
ليش  ماعدنا هيك  جو  مشرق
How could the scenary be sooooo beautiful???!!!!  I'm really surprised.
It will taste super, looks very delicious
Xinh thế
روعة .... ماشاء الله 
خير و فضل من الله كثير 
تشبه فاكهة السندي لكن اصغر حجم 
و طعمه حامض حلو 🍈
😇😇😇
千と千尋の神隠しだぁ😁🧡🧡
Wow. I always assumed pommelos were the size of oranges.
wow it looks like those sacred foods people would travel kingdoms to bring
background music is very nice.......
the best of nature manifest in culture, may it never end.
Ai chiu ai yeu may nguoi muon chiet day ne
شكون جات من عند فاطيمة دير جام 👍👍😁😁😁😍😍😍❤❤❤
아 좋다. 영상 보는것만으로도 힐링이 되네..
جيتك من عند فطوم
拥有一颗恬淡自如的心，哪里都可以是归宿，谢谢你的视频。
Very nice to have rhe translation so we can learn from you. Thanks🙏🙏🙏🙏🌸🌸🌸
I LOVE LOVE
Вот бы каждая девушка перед замужеством опублековавала на что она способна и её пристрастие.Сколько семей былибы крепкими и любящими.А вы молодец...
She is so beautiful 👩‍🎓👩‍🎓👩‍🎓👩‍🎓
神穩少女
Such a peaceful video💛
What do you do with this? How would you consume it? Looks amazing!
ส้มโอลูกใหญ่มาก
You are very talented Cook and a beautiful Girl .
ชอบบบ
هذه مربى يمكن
Que linda mulher!
Very nice video...👍How to use that? Eating as such or mixing it with water?How long can it be stored?
Ahh i am need sub indonesia
thE waY you presenting and care you given in each action is quiet flawless..
Com chua em .hon nay an mon gi da dinh an mon ga luot ha .uh nho xe chua mot cai doi ga nghe e yeu .
Who needs Martha Stewart?
Que rico... toronja caramelizada (cascara de toronja, pulpa de toronja, agua y azucar)
Your so beautiful 😯 😘❤️😍 by sitting a village and so hard working
You live in a magic world, I wish we all could go back to such simple pure ways of living. Thank You for keeping real skills alive.
Organic fruits beautiful and pollution free ,no chemicals in veg and fruits ,fresh air ,many birds .
🙂🙂🙂
This is my favorite so silently facepool land like this i realy love it 😍😍😍
The first music name please😭😭😭
千と千尋を思い出すㅋㅋ何故かㅋ
Do you just spoon some of that into hot water to make tea then?  Looks very tasty and sweet.
This a Ghibli studio melody bu Hayao Miyazaki!! It was a lovely match: music and content!! Cheers from Morocco🌹
Super
the one and only time i bought a pomelo was because I'd never seen them before. The internet told me to poach them, so I did, except i forgot about it while it was on the stove so the kitchen filled up with weirdly spicy smoke... I haven't tried again lmao
🌹
小編你是本人嗎？不想訂錯，萬一到時候又有一個同頻道就尷尬惹>_<
불면증때문에 잠이 안와서 고생했는데 이거보면 잠이 잘와요 잔잔해서 좋음ㅋㅋ
I really love your videos and the music
so South
ممتع جدا   ولذيذ  جربته بنفس الطريقه.      شكرا لك  تحياتي
i just realized that its from spirited away ahh haku
الي جا من عند فطيمة السويد يخبط جام 😁😁😁
In Thailand we use a part of the soft white color of the shell makes dessert.
لاإلةالاالله وان اشهد محمد رسول الله
Wow... Nice video with beautiful music 😍😍
I recognized the melody immediately! Ghibli music is the best ❤️❤️
Pomelo honey marmalade.
The pomelo was huge! I.loved the way she cooked the jam, but I do not know how you make tea out of it.
Teh anggur madu
I am from Kazakstan
YASSSS Studio Ghibli Music ❤️ so calming. Love it
Love this💖
super
The music is everything 😭😍😍😍
She is very strong women
아니 이처자는 만능이여?
Beautiful❤❤
Flute music are always soothing and relaxing ..
I love yourself more than your work
This video is just... ART
Can you tell me what is the music name
0:18想像と違った顔してる
背景音樂讓我覺得心情放鬆😊
0:18 caught her looking at the camera she pretty tho
We manipuri do like pomelo a lot....... Another way  of  eating pomelo  is just simply  smashing  fresh  pomelo  (inner  white fruit)  with salt, chilli and sugar (according to want)... And having it ..... Dat one too  give a different taste ... I recommend u should try at least one.... I am a regular  fan of ur video... U inspired me lot ..... Lot of love from  Imphal, india
I don't like tea that well but that seems delicious.
I want to visit your village
So beautiful wow wow love from srilanka 🇱🇰
柚子本來就有甜味，還加這麼多蜂蜜跟冰糖，是想要胃穿孔?
中國人果然是在水深火熱之中，連喝茶都要這麼甜來中和生活的苦味
唉~ 同樣說中文，命運卻不同，可憐的中國人，我來超渡你~~~
i like sountrack this video, I'm support you
Amazing girl! I'm in kove with this girl 😍
This place is like a heaven
00:17  🥰🥰🥰😍😍
Es una mandarina GIGANTE jaja GENIAL 😆
有卖吗？
سبحان الخالق،
Very delicious jam thank for amazing videos
What a beautiful place i never seen before
I like  your  music
بحبها 😍😍😍
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
മലയാളി ഉണ്ടോ
Abençoado , abençoado, abençoado é . Obrigada
小姐姐你還有什麼不會的啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊啊 求娶♥
You work so gracefully ,you are perfect beautiful lady.
Is there anyone who can tell what were those stones she used? Are they sugar stones? Thanks in advance :)
Nobody:




Me: GIANT ORANGE
I heard spirited away soundtrack. This is so relaxing 💙☺
Anyone knows the music tittle?
Any malayaleessss 😊😊😊😊😊
Sooo relaxing
I wonder where u pick ur music from, all of them loving it in all vids watched
😇
영상미 대박🤗
Wow
请问是本人上传的吗？
Mam you are a Poet,,,,you do poetry with your cooking.
The song is always with me 😍😍😍😍
Chị là người  Việt Nam có phải k
Tão bom ouvir itsumo Nando demo
ジブリの曲だ〰！！
Wonderful!
Мне б такую жену!)
I Luke tour vídeos i Ben training to do the sama ting IT was tolerable
can it only be made with this fruit? if not, then what other kinds are suggested?
Enchanting as usual. Do anybody know the name of the song
Wow
Какой канал! Три дня на репите!!!
What the name instrument ?
Hey my beautiful friend ❣️
love it because it is in English.
ติดตาม 李子柒 มาหลายตอนมากชอบมากครับ 我觉得喜欢你的录像。
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
juste parfaite
Really Like a delicious. I WAnt IT PlZ
سبحان الله وبحمده 🌸
سبحان الله العظيم 🌼
استغفر الله العظيم واتوب اليه 🌸
لا حول ولا قوة الا بالله 🌸
حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل 🌺 ♥️
#_بصمة....؛
เก่งครับ ละเอียดทุกขั้นตอน🤗🤗🤗
请问浸泡丝的蜜糖一同倒入进去锅里吗??
നമ്മളെ പബ്ലിമൂസ 😍
U make me stress free and calm...thank u
Hiç bunu izleyen türk yokmu?
ഈ ചാനൽ കാണുന്ന എത്ര മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ട് ?
you have the looks and the eyes of a child...always fresh and beautiful...and thats a sweet and refreshing preparation you made...!!!🙂😘😋🚶‍♀️👍👌🤗
I LOVE YOU
Que vontade de provar, deve ser muito bom ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sou do Brasil 🇧🇷 vejo os videos dela são todos muitos bem feitos. Ela faz as coisas com tanto capricho além disso ela é  muito bonita ♡
สุดยอด
La paz que siento al ver tus vídeos es increíble. 
Todo el procedimiento de principio a fin es increíble 💕
Masters treat your  slaves with justice and       fairness because you know that you also have a master in heaven
اسم الفاكهة رجاءء
Amo os vídeos ❤❤❤❤
This channel has mind blowing directions. The contents, locations,  presentations, music everything is *the perfect*. This must have gone to one the best channel had they introduced English subtitles
Tea?? or jam??
Omg I’m extraordinarily moved by the green natural surroundings and the way she cooks with her harvest. Appreciation from Bangladesh 🇧🇩 ❤️
Strawberry
سلام عليكم انا فهمت بلي خدمت معجون 😝بصح باش علمي علمكم هههههه😁😁😁😁
Es un arte lo que haces saludos desde México...
Estou encantada com essa moça. Essa música trás uma paz😍😍😍😍
What is the music name please
Thank you for sharing 🙏🏻
Enjoying your cooking together with the surrounding ambiance. 
Can you please include just the ingredients in English? Very much appreciates 😌
우왕 30초에 딴 열매가 무엇인가요?  자몽
She is more beautiful than miss yeah and the is more intelligent
Este canal é tri legal, beleza, harmônia e perfeição. Tudo Feito com tanto cuidado e amor!!!
是不是原主其实没那么重要，重要的是现在你们知道李子柒这个名字了，原主还得付这些盗版们广告费呢，哈哈。我原以为这个是，因为头像，因为高清。但现在觉得不是，原因为：如果是原主，不同网站一般都会保持同步，比如微博、微信、油管等。如果说微博是李子柒的根据地，那么就对比微博好了，微博没动静，这边却在播以前旧的视频，就可以说明她不是原主。鉴定完毕。
mesmerising ❤️❤️
Es selamun aleykum Maşallah çok guzel
Your very good girl
Ghibli song, and all thing she does... beautiful.❤️
ชอบนาง
Marmellata di Pomelo..
Some people say japanese food are most healthy and fresh food in this universe.. I think that’s not true this is the one example here in China. Japanese people learned everything from China!!! They are living with Chinese culture and language! I’m living japan but I love Chinese people, food and their culture! 😘💕
請問為什麼我幾乎都把白色的部分切掉了，但煮出來的柚子茶還是會苦呢？
Що за фрукт,такий величезний?
Melegakan..  menenangkan.. 👍
Hola soy un admirador tuyo eres muy bonita yo quisiera casarme contigo eres de china.        Que lindo vivo en Miami mi nombre soy José González saludos
她家啥都有
Coi đi coi lại vẫn thích. yên bình lắm. Có vẻ ít ng Việt coi kênh của Tử Thất nhỉ
a talented woman becomes the perfect partner (the ideal woman to get married)
看起来好好恰啊
when u recognize the soundtrack (from spirited away) ! 😍😍😍
เทอกะน่ารักเกิ้นไปป
Malayaliss evide like adiku
I know they have winter there because I saw it on her other videos but I don't understand how Pomelos or any other citrus can grow there?  That's  tropical climate plants.
🇯🇵🤝🇨🇳 千と千尋の神隠し
Me quedé maravillada con toda la bendiciones que nos das a conocer, DIOS SIEMPRE te cuide y te proteja! 
SALUDOS DESDE SANTA CRUZ BOLIVIA!👍
As imagens são lindas, porém nada se compara a sua beleza. Incrível sua habilidade, simplesmente mágico.
Nyc..
I really do wish it came with cooking instructions because this is food at its purest forms😍absolutely amazing videos xxd
Em dep kieu nay qhai di ngu som di e yeu di ngu troi kh di ngu thi duon lanh em oi
ഇത് മാതോളി നാരങ്ങ അല്ലേ ഇത് ഇങ്ങനെയും ഉണ്ടക്കോ
Amazing videos...I would be Pleased if you put English subtitles in every of your video...you inspired me a lots ..wishing to live in a place like yours..sorry my bad English .😍😍😍
I  just hope that you people make many more videos of this kind.I just love the background music , it's a stress reliever for me.
ബാംബ്ലൂസ് നാരങ്ങ 🤩
I haven't heard this song in forever, and hearing with this video reminded me of the times me and my friend used to play this song on flute. It made me so nostalgic, I almost cried. These videos are always so beautiful and never fails to calm me.
優秀
From India
Thank you, I think that whatever she has learnt is dedicate to her Grand parents wisdom and her wanting to learn and keep the tradition alive.We all should respect and keep our ancestors wisdom alive so we can avoid this Greed and Ignorance which is slowly destroying our societies and younger generations .
Keep up the great work that you do, wish that by watching your vides  people once get inspired will turn the clock back to their values & cultures  !!!

From Sri 🇱🇰 Lankan .
se ve muy rico!me gustaría saber cómo se llama esa fruta,saludos desde argentina!!!!!!
I wanted to eat. But after watching your sweet video, I don't want to eat. Why?
i love all your videos so lovely...it would be nice if you had the recipes translated in english...thank u for sharing
ลึึกซึ้งมั๊ก😭
来自哥伦比亚的问候
Me encantan tus videos
La musica es relajante
Espero que esto lo traduzcan 😁
Saludos desde......
......
......
Chile
求BGM
when u recognize the soundtrack (from spirited away) ! 😍😍😍
So peaceful
🐣🐤🐔
Love it
Máy dịch tiếng việt hay ai dịch vậy mọi người
秒到！
It's really peace full
😍😍👍👍👏👏👏
热烈支持中韩友谊。如果想看韩国各地各处的朋友们进来我的频道看吧! 谢谢啦🥰
Oh that’s really wonderful
On parmağında on marifet 👍
شكون لي جا من عند فطيمة سويد
I love this music
I love this song from spirited away!!!
mermelada??
This song!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️
所以这个做完以后到底要怎么喝呢？不是应该是“茶”的吗？怎么做成了酱？ 

还没有介绍要怎么喝“茶”吧？这只是做了柚子酱的环节。
茶，是什么茶都可以吗？最后只要在里面加了这个柚子酱搅一搅就可以了吗？不是很明确对于后续的操作。。。虽然标题叫“蜂蜜柚子茶”，可是视频里我只看到了如何做蜂蜜柚子酱。
Chị ơi chị cho em xin Like
can someone tell me what knife does she use? Googling didn't help me at all, chai dao looks similar, but most of the blade is below the handle whether her knife is like 40% above/60% below which makes it more balanced towards the handle.
시스, 난 너에게 영향을 미치고있어
I just love everything about her videos💚
I never knew pomelo fruit could be made into that. Awesome.
Hi akka super
Siento paz al ver tus videos, mucha paz.
Where are you dear ❤️. Every day l look ur notification.,,
i love you. very good
Please add English subtitles 😇. I love love love ur videos.
English subtitles please.. need to know the ingredients...great dishes 👍👍👍
Mast hai
these videos make my days better! theyre so relaxing ~ even though i cant read the characters lol
Name of the first song?
روعه الا جبون قادمون 💯💯😍💔💔👌ايا ليتجوز منا تدخل تبوني عندي 🇩🇿💔💯ايا بنات بلادي وين راكم
She is sooooo gracious ..... love how swit n gentle to her work ❤😘
Please please add English subtitles too, it will be great. 
I like your channel alot
Ur hairs are so silky 
Please make one vdo on it😅
No se si soy la única que escribe en español pero solo quiero decir que sus videos me dan tanta paz y no se porque me relajo tanto viéndola hacer esto.
💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
الي جات من عند فاطمة السويد تخبط جام
My mom said she feels so relax while watching her videos and me as well. Background music also creates a natural environment.
千と千尋の神隠しの曲流れてる
我也喜歡工作和家庭烹飪是另一個好看，比男人更好。 😮😍😍👉👍👈
Ребята чего это за фрукт такой?)
U so pretty 🥰🥰❤️❤️
Background music is very mind relaxing
🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤩🤩🤩🥰🤩🥰🥰🥰
ഏറ്റവും കൂടുതൽ ലൈക്ക്‌ മലയാളി കളുടെ ആയിരിക്കണം
music from spirited away, my childhood and now favourite movie :")
One of my favourite music pieces and songs...
large pomelo
احلا أرض بلعلم اتمن اازوره هذي البلد 😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌👫👫👫👫👫👫👫👫عندك في حياه استمري بلفديوهت 😇😇😇😍😍😍😘😘😘😘
ถ้าไม่ดูก็ไม่รู้วิธีทำ ไม่ยากเท่าไหร่ ไม่ง่ายเท่าไหร่อยู่ที่ใจอยากจะทำ
Você linda
😍😍😍
سبحان الله وبحمده سبحان الله العظيم
Комментарии о Лизике читать на русском
اكو عرب بالتعليقات ؟؟😂☻
My favourite  song  'Always  with  you' from  Spirited  away.
I like you video
cinematic video
I these food  eating ready,,, my one Chinese friends giveing,,,,
Meu Deus como pode existir uma mulher como essa??? Com beleza, simplicidade e ainda é prendada.
É muito lindo
🏖
Legal esse doce de laranja 👍
what song is this?
你是本人嗎……
Такое удовольствие наблюдать за вашей работой. Так плавны движения, даже я бы сказала убаюкивают и приносят лёгкость в текущий день, хоть и работу Вы выполняете не всегда лёгкую.  Гармонии Вам, Мира и всех благ!
Citrus tea!!! We make something like this in Korea! This, ginseng, ginger and Theraflu will kill a cold/flu in no time!!! It always works!!! And it also goes well with teavana peach tranquility!!
Apa nama backsound nya ?
She makes the most delicious things!!!!! I love it!!!!!
Likee
我爱你很好
Your videos are too good for free on Youtube.  They are superb and award-worthy.  If you get English titles and descriptions you will more than double your subscribers.  I mean these are true masterpieces- each one.  How do I buy the collection?
The videos I have watched so far are too good and soothing. Will definitely try to make this.
😁
This looks incredible. I wonder what it tastes like before the honey is added.
nice
千尋のサウンドも　和みますね🎤
diệu dàng dễ thưn , biết  nấu ăn , nấu cơm , là việc nhà , 1 cô gái hoàng hảo ^^
千と千尋の神隠し！！
its kind of uplifting me .. the music is so familiar and the food processing its kind of a jam or a tea flavor im not quite sure .. good job i hope all girls now a days be like you .. your like my mother .. i love the video specialy the transitions its inspire me doing shots like that .. thank you
I love it❤️ so relaxing ❤️
You are soo beautiful
I really Like the scenery in her video bring's back an ancient feel.. not as bustling as a city.but a peaceful environment.it's kind of relaxing..
Lugi naman ako sa suha mo ang nipis ng balat samantala sa akin pagkalaki-laki balat lng pala makapal😂😂
لي جات من عند فطيمة دير جام الشنوية دك ماتفهم والو
Ingredients for the pomelo Jam is:
Rock sugar 
Pomelo flesh
Pomelo Zest
Water
Honey ( its applied after the other ingredients became Jam)
Man!! That's so beautiful... that fruit is so beautiful... she is so beautiful... the simple things are so beautiful. What a great feeling this video gave me!
💓💓💫💓💓👍🌹
Very inspiring video love every moment of it. so suiting and relaxing lovely💕👌🙇
這個可以吃藍教長的。
Big orange هههههههههههههههههههههه
Merhaba ben Türkiye den takipçi izim her şeyi doğadan kullanmanız yemekleri ateşte pişirmeniz temiz ve lezzetli görünüyor elinize sağlık
Translated from Chinese to English : A lot of little civet cats have been licking for a long time. Today, they finally made it ~~ fresh honey pomelo + honey from their own hive, smashed to amber color, crystal clear, this is the perfect honey citron tea! ! ! (Pomelo peel: flesh = 1:8, the more clean the bitterness in the peel is, the less bitter it is)
ANTI SAKIT PERUT/ PASTI ADA jalan
Amazing! I love watching her videos!
Jeruk Bali😇🤲
John 3:16
 For God so loved the world that he gave his only-begotten Son (Jesus Christ), so that everyone who believes in him may not perish, but have eternal life. 💖
Excelente video 🇲🇽🖒👏👏👏👏
2019???😘
Вот вроде бы смотришь и не понимаешь, что происходит,но так интересно и красиво,что глаз не оторвать😍
wow! so beautiful atmosphere and good food. I was unable to understand the language but i easily understand what it is..😊
I like
He visto muchisimos videos, pero los suyos son FUERA DE SERIE. usted es especial. Estaré atenta a sus publicaciones. Saludos desde GUATEMALA. C. A.
share this music please 🙏
في حدا عربي
I wondering if anyone could tell me what type of citrus fruit this is, I've never seen one so large before! The marmalade/jam I'm sure is very good!
Que daria por vivir en un lugar haci paz trankilidas relajación absoluta
10/01/2021 From VietNamese 🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳
If videos were in English that would be better to understand and enjoy. I loved her farming. Love to see all videos though i cant understand but it brings mentality pleased. Thanks
Love you
Tôi yêu em
보는 것만으로도 힐링...
너무 멋지다❤️
이  프로  넘  신선해요  직접  키운  채소  과일들로  요리하는게  너무  좋아요~~♥
greetings from 2021 👣
Why do I feel like being there in person when she does these things. I would love to be her guest
বাংলাদেশ থেকে🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
Like
Wow that's a big pomelo. I wish I could get some like that in the US
Trung quốc rộng lớn nhiều cảnh đẹp
Wow I sudden have this thought of wanting to live this kind of life 💕
I love ur videos,they make me feel pleasant and relax.
Awq sy nak mkn juga
I have no idea how I ended up here, but I'm sure glad I did. These videos are so magical! <3
ايه البرتقال الكبير ده
شكون جا من فاطمة سويد و رآها يتفرج يجي يسطاسيوني هنا
I can't stop watching your videos.♥️
please upload ur videos with subtitles...very nice videos...love frm india
Da noi roi ma them an toi chi them em toi ma
No fancy clothes, just serenity and simplicity! God bless you dear Chinese lady.
🍁
لا تاكلي فيران
Hablo español no entiendo ni mierda los comentarios..Pero adoro a esta mujer esa paz que transmite y todo lo que hace me parece fantástico
What an organic life..I wish I could live the same ...way
first i think it was a big orange
아 진짜 너무 평화로워ㅠㅠㅠ
Itu kenapa Mirip jeruk bali
اللي جات من فاطمة سويد يخلي جام
Так залипательно снимают, молодцы!
The covid 19 lockdown brought me here..
What's a beautiful life. Love your lifestyle 😉 love all your videos
Please translate the ingredients in english also... Plz😍😌
หนูรักพี่นะ
Phải chi mình được sống ở một nơi như thế xem xong cảm thấy yêu đời ghê
ഈ നാരങ്ങ യുടെ  തൈ നമ്മുടെ നാട്ടിൽ കിട്ടുമോ?
Song?
رائعة جدا 😍👏
The way you cook fresh food .I feel like leaving my home permanently and come to your place.
รักพี่
New in this channel. I really love the music, it's full of peace !
nice
شكون جات من عند فطيمة سويد ههههعع
Her videos are put nicely together. I wonder if could work for Western oranges.
Một nơi bình yên quá 🙂🙂
Woow
Grapefruit jam!!! Wow! She grows her own!!!
wow
ما في عرب هون حاسا روحي وحيدا
Uay 
Se  ve deliciosoo.😍😍😙😙
千と千尋の神隠し
ước gì mình được ở đó  ..cái gì cũng có hết thích nhất là  hoa và trái cây tự tay mình trồng
I'm from PAKISTAN,  South Asia, 
relaxing and heart touching music and videos with amalgam of nature casts a spell... well done girl 😄
very nice vido
I'm so proud of her... This video so good and wonderful... But I'm so sad, I can't understand what the meaning😭😭😭 could anyone give translation????
البنت..ديه.ذكية
我喜欢子柒的世外桃源生活。顺便来蹭一下热度。欢迎喜欢钢琴的小白来我的频道学钢琴喔。
It’s so relaxing to see your video thank you
Ooooo todo se ve tan hermoso e interesante
Si tan solo supiera leer chino
賣嗎？
I feeling relax, peaceful  when i watch your videos
I love music
she first time look in camera
等到柚子的季节我也要学子柒这么做柚子茶~超级喜欢柚子茶
Cảnh đẹp kinh khủng 😘
Hamare ghar mein bhi hota hai
看你做各种美食是一种享受！
Yên bình.
জামবুরা 
আপনারা কি জে উলটাপালটা  রানদেন
Это восхитительно
Ai là ng việt bị lạc vào đây thấy chị này hk muốn ra luôn hk điểm danh = like nha
even though i don't understand those recipe I love how nature she use to.
she is so lovely.
In the late autumn when the chill is getting thicker, the honey citron tea in the bowl is warm.
Памело
Such beauty, such grace. Thank you from Arizona, USA. We have lost so much here.
But you are a hard worker so heads ofyou
Vietnam ơi
Nhìn cuộc sống thích thật.. 😍
We call this bhogatey in nepal 🇳🇵 it will be ready for eating in november its sour in taste for fun cover of that we used to put in our head as a helmet ⛑ it was fun childhood memories 💕🎈
0:17 first time her focus on camera
beautiful. ......i love  your cooking style
Eth naml matholi narngha alle😄😄🥰🥰🥰
沙发
I don’t really understand what she’s making but this is so relaxing to watch
I don’t speak Chinese mandarin so these titles don’t mean anything to me but I always get pleasantly surprised in the video ☺️
I love you😘😘😘🥰🤗☺️
phụ nữ đẹp giỏi nấu ăn toàn diện như tiên nữ a nào mà lấy được c ấy chắc phúc 10 đời
Cool..
گقءدأس ھخ وجسی ھگ سیسأدجس😍ھخ سیرگ ھ
You are so close to nature and background music is awesome
I want live like that ..its so peacefull ,healty,Beautyfull and lovely 😍
ngưỡng mộ c ấy có cái vườn loại j cũng có
Wooww
I am glad she doing it in her language things will be missed if you try to translate
I'm from india
I really love this video. With tuoch of fully art and nature...so wonderfull...
I love to hv a life like this.so calm,so beautiful...
جيريدو ڤاليري❤
Очень красивая девушка!!!!!!!
I love you 😍💗♥
This video is very very satisfying,❤
Me fascina
Good
In our country , Bangladesh, this fruit is called "Jambura" in bangla . It is also found in red colour. Jambura here is a bit  smaller than ur one
😃😄🤗🙂☺
My wife and I just agreed that we want to include you in our marriage. 😁 Jokes aside, we find you to be quite amazing.
每次看都會覺的很安慰心靈
Chắc đây là video đầu khởi nghiệp
헐 박껍질  세척하는 것까지도 진짜 수세미네... 대단하십니다.
She does not even talk about for subscribe and like,,,,above all she does not also give anybody hearts or replay 🙄🙄
Divine.
Idk why so many have disliked this video...
I am from Rusia! Крутое видео,я в восторге.первый раз вижу такой грейпфрут. А варенье очень вкусное?
我也同意关于天安门的你的意见。
It makes my heart peacefull...world ,s peacefull and nyc videos ..keep it up dear
Any ghibli fan here?😍
Помоему, на эти видео можно смотреть вечно)))
I used to eat this when i was in Assam. Its very tasty when its pink color inside.  Miss those days.
I am your friend. I am From Bangladesh..
Yêu cô gái này mất rồi 😍💗
Her hands changed so much after three years.
It's like a hobbit lifestyle. I love it.
讓我想起孩童時期鄉下老家的農村生活。
ลูกเท่าไรค่ะพี่ขอซื้อต่อ1ลูก
Я помню чудное мгновенье: Передо мной явилась ты, Как мимолетноевиденье, Как гений чистой красоты. В томленьях грусти безнадежной, В тревогах шумной суеты, Звучал мне долго голос нежный И снились милые черты. Шли годы. Бурь порыв мятежный Рассеял прежние мечты, И я забыл твой голос нежный, Твои небесные черты
I dont understand the people who press dislike her. What they are thingking.
Like watching your clips so much😘
好柚子 好刀工 好手藝 請問煮好放置20分時溫度約幾度呢？ 是趁溫熱時下蜂蜜嗎？之前做過蜂蜜檸檬 檸檬是熟度泛黃 沒澀味 所以沒有熬煮的製程
😂
蟲鳴聲、鳥影、稻田境，優雅居室、真是人間天堂，可以活在當下人生無憾已。
Liziqi whats the secret of your hair plzzz. Make video
it is jus so beautiful and peaceful 
it is the life that i want always want to have
Красиво!
Chị tên gì vậy ạ
This place is awesome.. Love frm India...
فى مصريين هنا😅😅😂
こういう感じの、好きです😍👍💕
That's why Chineese people live longer, also less stress caused by Government, more friendly rules. All the best!
pls tell me i'm not the only one who tho mina of twice is changing her career 😭
Impresionante. Eso es Vida
不吃葡萄柚紅
Perfect..... love this video very muchh 🤩😍
damn! that knife skill is sick, way better than some of the so called chefs i see on TV
! FREE HONG KONG - ! - FREE UIGHUR - ! - SAVE MYANMAR !
haha ziqi always fights with her cameraman after she finishes making dish, just because these dishes r so delicious!!!
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I love this 😭😘😍😍
İzlerken sakinleştim 🍀
Tamililil eppadi commant pandrathunu sollunga please
Her video proves everyone loves nature so please save nature
Vietnam (2021)😍
Damn! I don't understand anything but is so beautiful and relaxing!!
I love every single of your video. Love the nature and beautiful place. Where are you based? I want to come visit you.
Sorry but this is not pomelo, si Royale lemon, pomelo si other citric with orage Center
so beautifull😍😍
Tôi là người Việt Nam
FRESH JAMS I LOVE! 😻😿🙏
ooohhh man that looks so good!
Tulisannya kriting semua😭
Amazing ,,,,,,,,,,,,,
What a lovely video.
I LOVE UOY 
😜😜😜
OMG el viaje de Chihiro y otro vídeo excelente
Herşey harika.. Umarım tanışabiliriz. 🎋
😂
Love the spirited away music in the background <3
ปล่อยน้ำมาแล้วช่วยต้องด้วยไม่งั้นกูปล่อยกับเขื่อนกูแตกแล้วมึงอยากแดกน้ำไม
your place is my dream place! it's like a paradise!
So amazing😄😄😄
ปิดคริปไปเลยไอจีนเอ้ยทำให้ช่องของคนไทยที่ทำดีต้องหายไป
The SOUND 😍😍😍
Mingalarbar
Thankyou
毕业后刚刚工作，基金的工作非常耗费精力，真希望能这样生活，其实简单就好
我非常喜欢你的厨房，就像你做饭一样，流着口水，感觉到所有的气味。
你可以轻轻松松地做到这一切，就像在童话里一样。
你住在一个非常美丽的地方。
我想拜访你的国家一次。
我热烈地问候，希望你永远不会用完想法。
โมโหจริงแล้ว
Itsumo nando demo.
This is the song that she used for this wonderful video.
Itsumo Nando Demo from Spirited Away (Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi).
മലയാളി സ്  😅
هي فاكة اسمها كريفون موجوده عنا بسوريا كتير طيبه 😍😘
I TUOI VIDEO SONO MERAVIGLIOSI GRAZIE
Тіпа варення з меду та помело
I loved being watching you😍
🇻🇳 việt nam
That jam I'm sure is a delight !
I just love ur garden.... I want to visit....
I fell into a fairytale...
تعجبني هذه القناة كثيرا واحس بهدوء وراحة نفسية غريبة .المشكلة اني لا فهم اللغة الصينية
I like video
Có Vietnam ở đây không??
Mỗi lần xem Lí Tử Thất lòng lại bình yên lạ thường...
thats why you got a beautiful skin
all foods you eat was organic .
im jealous.
അടിപൊളി
omg this song’s tune touches my heart ❣
ഇത് നമ്മടെ കമ്പിളി നാരങ്ങ അല്ലേ 😂😂😂
Es la única persona a la que le pongo like al video con anticipación, nunca me decepciona 💖 Eres grandiosa
Love these videos! Really wish there was subtitles available!
في حدا عربي هنا
Estaría genial que hubiera subtitulos, ya que es muy difícil de entender los títulos de tus videos
I am your begest fan . will you be my best sister 
i am sonu from india. Love you my very cute and beautiful sister 😊😇
All your videos are just mesmerizing and I really feel calm and peaceful whenever I watch your videos.
Снято профессионально, очень красивые и гармоничные сюжеты, молодцы
Song name??
pls pls pls give English subtitles.....it will be great to me.... i love your work.... learning Chinese is no so easy....i m form  india and i love whatever you do......
ช่วยไทยด้วย
In our country we call that fruit Suha ☺️ we usually dip it with salt
so satisfying to watch. great filming and added music. overall a lovely atmosphere.
Watch indian village girl life with cooking
Que paz!!!
素晴らしい考え方だなあ彼女は
No tengo ni idea de cómo he llegado aquí, pero es súper relajarte verla 😌
感觉每次压力大 再看看子染的视频都会感觉轻松很多很多!💕
හොදයි
Hermosamente artesanal
Hoang Sa Truong Sa BeLongs To VietNam . ChiNa Is Out The East Sea
Phong cảnh rất đẹp thật sự làm người khác mê người muốn một cuộc sống như vậy
Ces vidéos sont tellement relaxantes...Un régal!😶
0:37 what is it?
Is there an English translation? I love these videos.
Kuh prcya kuh bisa sprt mereka walau akuh hny seorg ibu.
I think this channel should get more likes more subscribers and more view  ❤❤ love from nepal
This girl got thousands of subscribers without speaking a word. Video was astonishing and treatful to soul. I like her farm and place. She must be very lucky to live there like an angel. I wish I would born there 😊.
Free HK Free Tibet Taiwan number 1
你太可愛了，你的食譜也是如此，感謝你的精彩視頻🍯🍯🍯😊😊😊
這是什麼歌
Everything and it is not only you ( including the kitchen utensils ) is so beautiful. Are you really living that life or is it made for the videos? Thank you for sharing. Love to see your videos.
we have similar recipe like this in india its called as muramba which is made of from raw mangoes
0:18 😳
Thank you, from England. Where this is filmed it's amazing beautiful. Where I live is building after building. No where like this. No Shops, no cars, no city life and just live off the land, this way of living is growning on me. Thanks  For the lovely video, the water so clear it an amazing place.
โถ เปลือกเชื่อม. เนื้อยำน้ำพริกกะปิ ใส่ตะไคร้ซอยและ. มะเขือ ซอยบาง จบ.  ผักบุ้งเอย กระถิน ชะอมสด และตูน (คูน)ชะพลู ใบขนุน แล้วแต่
子柒的粉丝真多呀 好姑娘喜欢的人就是多 长得这么美 心灵手巧又聪明伶俐 孝顺能干的喜欢的人会更多的 第一次学到真正柚子茶的做法 超赞 受教了 谢谢子柒👧
y would people dislike these videos, they are so peaceful <3
I hate my life and I love she’s life😥
I really love your videos. 
More videos thanks.
From Philippines.
🤣😂😂😁😁😁😁😋 Hai
看著看著她的影片 心靈都會很沉靜 很舒服
We eat pomelo pulps with salt mixed with nice hot red chilli ... drooling already 🤤
cantik banget pacar saya😍
Love your videos from Mauritius ! You're very hardworking . .
Wow toronja
I can feel the taste🙏
I would like to eat food prepared with delicate care. Restaurants rush and are not relaxed in preparation. I would be happy to find a house in the forest where someone was serene and served food without hurry and stress. Beautiful to watch.
1st time saw her seeing in camera
i dont understand chinese so im seeing these videos without any knowledge, i have to discover what she is doing and i still watch her videos for hours.
Apa cuman gue sendiri yang nonton org indo
不知道為什麼覺得這部影片好治癒阿~
Очень здорово.
ດີຕຄ
Thank you, your beauty penetrates my heart deeply, truly all inspiring, bless you
🌲
Ước gì tôi cũng ₫ược sống ở một nơi yên bình như thế này
冰糖做的好好喔 天然自己种的就是好 突然想吃柚子了
Thank you very much! Amazing,  really amazing!
I love YOU
看了好几篇、這美女所有吃的用的隨處可得……是乎集魔法於一身，奇乎……驚乎
癒される☺️
我超喜欢吃柚子的，看到流口水了😍
🌲
This channel is mind relaxing.
ບ
Im so inlove with this chanel.. So relaxing...
Pomelo! Missed eating them, i always ate them during my childhood
مين عربي
谢谢分享，感觉不是很难，材料都能买到，家里也能做。
Her face remainds me of Mina Twice
想起外婆家门前也有棵柚子树 好怀念
Какие большие апельсины))
ขอไหม่อีก
Bence izlenen sayısı beğenen sayısından daha iyidir o yuzden dert etme 😊
Please upload your video s
聪明勤劳又照顾自己的颜值，凭这三点就为你点赞
The back music and... The place are very peaceful... N.. It will give me relaxation
ഇത് ബംബ്ലൂസ് നാരങ്ങ അല്യോ??
I love these but I wish I could read chinese so i could understand some of the notes
Có ai người Việt Nam ko ta
這種音樂讓人有種放輕鬆身心靈的感覺
رائع جدا😍😍😍
عاشقتم دختر خیلی کارت درسته فقط شراب نخور لطفا
What the heck kind of knife is that? It looks quite efficient. Also the soundtrack is “Always With Me” - Spirited Away played by an ocarina and a harp, which is very relaxing.
你好🙏🏻
i miss my hometown everytime i visit your videos :(
I'm not Chinese but I love watching you💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
good
Amazing 👍💖
Estraño tus videos
How the hell did I get here from binge watching anime openings?? But I like it, its incredibly relaxing.
Wow.......you are doing a great job excellent....
💋💋
" TỶ ƠI MỤI YÊU TỶ NHÌU LẮM " 💜💜
🔮
You already know it's going to be fucking magical when you hear studio Ghibli music playing in the background. <3 <3
What do you do with that? It look too sweet to be eaten as it is. Mix it with tea or top with other dessert?
هههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههع
博主你真的可以考虑加英文字幕了，找个人帮你翻译下吧。加油！
HiLiziqilovelove
我不懂你的語言，但我喜歡你正在做的事情，來自摩洛哥（非洲）的問候，❤
Nàng ấy sống ở nơi thật thanh bình
You can understand liziqu and your dish is good 😊so now🙁 I have live your channel😟 so sorry 😣
天啦，好多艺术，好多灵魂……
What the song?
Oh dear girl do you know your art, your skill make you more than beautiful . There's no match of Japanese beauty and skill . And the music , its just fantasy . I have no words .
好喜欢你。一个女人拥有纯真的面容和一双粗燥的手，是最感性的。喜欢你视频里的小幽默，小动物。我的德国先生看完你的节目后，一直要求去中国吃，还喊肚子饿了。哈哈
İyimisin
这种生活实在是太令人向往了
em xin nhạc
فد شيء يجنن🙊
這個BGM!! 
摩爾莊園的背景音樂😂😂
我的童年啊 好熟悉的旋律
siram kayan💓👍
جميل 👍🌻
Pomelo
So good!!
这样的生活我也想要，如果可以，愿意去陪伴你左右
ذو
Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic!
عند
اففف تفتح النفس 🤦🏻‍♀️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Я бы сырым его съел.
Hi😍😍😍😍
فدووووووه ❤👍🌸🙊
বাতাবী লেবু/ জাম্বুরা
beautiful!!!
it's a song i used to know 💖💖
เธอน่ะทั้งสวยทั้งเก่ง ฉันอยากจะเป็นเเบบเธอ
How do you eat it? As a jam, as tea? Like the korean tea where you pour hot water and drink?
А что это
非常有趣的视频，我从观看中获得真正的乐趣，非常感谢！
She's so beautiful💖💖💖💖
Music from Spirited Away
Beautiful
the vioce just like asmar.
Amei essa mulher quero casar com ela
Ur place is awesome dea....😍
🗻 🚲
I do like this kind of life living! 
God is so good  everytime
Lets pray for UYGHUR MUSLIM in XINJIANG...
just wow, fabulous...
КРУТО! КРУТО!КРУТО! Азиатская Анастасия)))
ابوي يقول انا في البيت
We're can I get baskets like those that you use to cook with?  I want some.  What are they called?
中文留言太少，我来顶一下。
Khéo tay quá đi thôi😙😙
好喜欢这样的古风。
🤔🤨🤨🤩🤩🥰🥰🥰
بارك الله فيكم جميعا بخير
What the song?
а чего туда в конце вливают? мёд или сироп?
beautiful place. beautiful girl. good video.
জাম্বুরা🇧🇩
压力大的时候，看这种影片，听这种音乐，简直棒极了。。比抖音快手强一百倍，
ເເຜທ່ອງທ່ຽວທອງສິງມືບໍ່ອ້າງ
看到这里，虽然夜里12点，还是决定出去买瓶蜂蜜柚子茶回来边喝边看
Ahhhh spirited away song 😍😍😍😍😍😍 suit perfectly to your video
因為上帝如此愛這個世界，所以他賜下了他的獨生子（耶穌基督），所以凡相信他的人都不會滅亡，而將擁有永生。  💖💕約翰福音3:16.
Что это за кристаллы такие??? Подскажите пожалуйста.
Upload new videos
Betapa indahnya hidupmu di klilingi dengan alam yg asri dan subur. . sehingga membuat wajahmu cantik ayu nan berseri
Yêu Tử Thất 🤗😘😘😘
Ith നമ്മുടെ ബംബ്ലിയസ് alle.. 😂😂😂😂😝😝😝😝😝
The tone is so good
Kemamemmmmmmmmmmti...=🙏=
刀工真是厉害。学厨的时候很辛苦吧。。。。
😍😍😍
Best Allah Allah Allah 🕋🌴🕌🕋🌴🕋🕌🕋🌴🕋🌴🕌🕋🌴🕌🕋🌴🕌
ມາຈາກສະປີລິດອະເວ
Aqtually the video look more real
هنا الحياة الهادئة
这是哪里哪儿，拍的那么好！👍👍👍
You are the healthy human being and physically, mentally,morelly and  other activities
🙋🙋🙋
Shes so beautiful and elegant
Giant orange
دعيش العيشه هذي😍😍😍😍
Dang that piccolo music. Such good tone quality
看了韩国放送！-！
I'm looking for her video with Ghibli's ost as it will be a perfect match. I finally found it.
😍😍😍😍
Is this China?
Robob Tenga 😊😊
作为湖南农村人，家里种了不少柚子，但是第一次见这么吃柚子的，哈哈哈，涨见识了。
You look nice.....
Nolar menide aparda ora bir yasayaq😍
Why this music make me cry
Oh,she's so beautiful and wise
This is the only anime i'll watch.
ظ
เราเป็นคนไทยคนเดียวที่ชอบดูเทอ อยากรู้จังว่าเทอชื้ออะไร อยู่ประเทศไหน บ้านเทอน่าอยู่มากๆ
My lip kisses to you darling
I would love to be your apprentice.
May 1st 2020.Lovely touch, the crickets??singing in time with themusic at the end of thevideo. Keep emcoming Liziqi. Love from Scotland
في عرب هنا
주로 옆모습이 많이 나오는데 그대는 앞모습이 훨씬 더 아름답습니다.
ТЕБЕ И БЕЗ МОЕГО КОМЕНТА ХВАТАЕТ!
ПОДИ И НЕ ЧИТАЕШЬ  ИХ ВОВСЕ?
   КИРГИЗИЯ
這些歌好懷念
Miyazaki music!! <3
Who pomelo eats many places like

👇
😍😍😍
হেই মাশাআল্লাহ গারদাশ লা
ce gros agrumes appeler chadék en Guyane ! bien a vous ,cc
เธอเป็นใคร​ ทั้งสวยทั้งทำอาหารเก่ง​ ผมรักคุณ
自己试着煮了一次，苦到想哭。。。
no entender
que dicen
幕后团队牛叉  主演又有气质
What is girl and very nice
beautiful song
I hope this is what heaven is like
Cleans
هذا الدنيا كذا فمابلكم الجنه يارب اسالك خير الدنيا والاخره واسالك الجنه يارحمن يارحيم استغفرالله واتوب اليه لي والولدي واهلي والمسلمين والمسلمات
I am lndian hii Chines didi
The spirited away theme song in the background strangely makes me wanna cry...
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
O my spirited away ost 😍
Hay
いつも何度でもじゃん
名曲や
I love muslim in china
Не возможно перестать смотреть на три вещи: огонь, воду и работающую женщину
هذي دايم تجيب فواكه غربيه اول مرة اشوفها في حياتي
😍😍😍
Dich.cho dung di b
ബംബ്ലൂസ്... 😍
Omg
This song
Chihiro💙
Tỷ đã xua tan những ngày mệt mỏi chán chường của muội!
 Chốn này sao toàn đồng hương của tỷ hông dị 😂
What is the song
ความหลากหลายของความฉลาดมาชนกัน สร้างชุมชลอันมีค่ามีฐานมั่นจุดเด่นงามอนาคตใจ ท้องฟ้าจะสูงท้องทะเลจะลึกสิ่งที่ขาดไม่ได้ความคลุมเครือรักอย่างไม่ลืมเลือน ผื่นดินจะงามพันธุ์ไม้จะดีตะงอกเงยได้อย่างไรถ้าขาดสายน้ำปัจจัยอันสำคัญหล่อเลี้ยงชีวิต5555
VIỆT NAM
The bgm make me tear up
Shit that spirited away soundtrack just blew me away
Dịch đọc mất thiện cảm vl
千と千尋の神隠しの歌だ！！
HELO bạn mình thích bạn
Do Buddhist monks chill by watching her videos?
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله وبركاته

فإنا نحمد إليكم الله الذي لا إله إلا هو ، وهو للحمد أهل ، وهو على كل شيء قدير

ونصلي على إمام المتقين ، وخاتم النبيين محمد عبده ورسوله ﷺ تسليماً كثيراً ، أما بعد :

فإن الله سبحانه وتعالى بعث محمداً ﷺ هداية للبشرية ، وجعل اتباع طريقه سبيلاً للجنة ، ولا يتم هذا الاتباع إلا بمعرفة سيرته ﷺ

وها نحن اليوم نعلن لكم إنطلاق سلسلة مباركة لسيرة النبي ﷺ اسميناها #سيرة_النبي_المأمون ، مقتبسة من الكتاب المبارك ( اللؤلؤ المكنون في سيرة النبي المأمون ) لفضيلة الشيخ موسى بن راشد العازمي ، نبدأ بسم الله :

                     الحلقة 1⃣

١- تزوج عبدالله بن عبدالمطلب بآمنة بنت وهب .
حملت آمنة من عبدالله .
تُوفي عبدالله وآمنة حامل بشهرين بمولودها .

٢- خلَّف عبدالله ميراثاً لولده الذي لم يُولد 
٥ من الإبل ، وقطعة غنم ، وجارية حبشية إسمها بركة ، وهي أم أيمن .

٣- في يوم الإثنين ١٢ ربيع الأول من عام الفيل ولدت آمنة بنت وهب مولودها العظيم مُتهلِّلاً بأبي هو وأمي .

٤- لم يثبت أن ظهر شيئ لآمنة حينما ولد رسول الله ﷺ .
في يوم سابعه ﷺ ختنه جده عبدالمطلب ، وسمَّاه محمد ﷺ .

٥- أرضعت آمنة ولدها محمد ﷺ  ٣ أيام وكانت قليلة الحليب ، ثم أرضعته ثُويبة مولاة أبي لهب حليب ابنها مسروح .

٦- كانت ثُويبة أرضعت قبل رسول الله ﷺ حمزة بن عبدالمطلب .
وأبي سلمة بن عبدالأسد .

٧- أرضعت حليمة السعدية رسول الله ﷺ مع أولادها :
عبدالله
الشيماء
أنيسة .

٨- لرسول الله ٧ إخوة من الرضاعة :
حمزة
أبوسلمة
أبوسفيان
مسروح
عبدالله
الشيماء
أنيسة
ولم يكن له إخوة لا من أبيه ولا أمه.

٩- وقع حادث شق الصدر لرسول الله ﷺ وهو عند حليمة السعدية .
شق جبريل صدره وأخرج قلبه وغسله بماء زمزم وأخرج العلقة السوداء .

١٠- ثم ختم جبريل ظهر رسول الله بخاتم النبوة ، فليس للشيطان عليه سبيل ، وأصبح معصوماً ﷺ بأقواله وأفعاله .

١١- خاتم النبوة هو عبارة عن لحمة زائدة في ظهر رسول الله ﷺ بإزاء قلبه ، حجمها حجم بيضة الحمامة .

١٢- رجع رسول الله ﷺ إلى أمه آمنة بعد أن أكمل سنتين عند حليمة السعدية .
تُوفيت آمنة وعمر رسول الله ٦ سنوات .

١٣- كفل عبدالمطلب رسول الله ﷺ بعد وفاة أمه آمنة .
تُوفي عبدالمطلب لما بلغ رسول الله ٨ سنوات . استغفر الله العظيم واتوب اليه اللهم صل على محمد وال محمد سبحان الله وبحمده سبحان الله العظيم مدادكلمات الله
la ilaha illallah muhammadur rasulullah🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
la ilaha illallah muhammadur rasulullah🇧🇩
千と千尋の神隠しの曲だ
！！
This song makes me feel so sad...
😍😍😍
千と千尋の神隠しのテーマ曲だ
เบาหวานเเดก5555
因為上帝如此愛這個世界，所以他賜下了他的獨生子（耶穌基督），所以凡相信他的人都不會滅亡，而將擁有永生。  💖💕約翰福音3:16.
I love you
Beautiful
No, not everything is as it seems on the surface.....Have you wondered why you see different puppies in her video each year? You never see them growing up or being treated with affection in ANY of her videos. They are treated like a farm animal that is going to be slaughtered. I noticed she cares for her geese more than her puppies. No LOVE displayed for any of them, not a scrap of meat is ever tossed their way, you can see in some of the videos where they are eating meat at the end and a thin sad, dejected puppy lays forlorn on the cold ground, not even begging for food anymore as he has come to realize it is hopeless. He will only be reprimanded. It breaks my heart and others that have noticed this in these videos.
According to actual Chinese news reports, Millions are beaten and slaughtered in China each year! 
You can see the information (and pictures) from CHINESE reporters and News sources, here & all over the internet: 
https://www.dw.com/en/chinas-dog-meat-festival-its-a-man-eat-dog-world/g-18535808
As many as 10 million dogs are believed to be killed for their meat annually in China, with up to 10,000 killed for the Yulin festival, according to the Washington-based Humane Society. While much of the meat comes through legitimate farms, many dog slaughterhouses are run privately and secretively to avoid scrutiny by food-safety inspectors. 
All you have to do is google "Chinese eat dog" and read and see a myriad of videos and articles like this one from their South China Morning Post: https://www.scmp.com/news/hong-kong/community/article/2113704/eating-dog-meat-china-might-only-be-annual-affair-why-does . so sad......   They say that many urban people are no longer eating dog meat daily (mostly a rural mindset now) still the fact that they (as a country) still celebrate eating dogs at that terrible Yulin Dog Meat festival that they beat them and torture them before killing them (they say the adrenaline released during the torture improves the taste of the dog meat) is disturbing to people that love dogs as part of their families.
NICE Japan song
Worship the one TRUE God, Jesus Christ. He loves us so much even if we don't deserved it. He's coming back. Give your life to Jesus. Life on earth is temporary. Read your Holy Bible.
I Love You.
Her kids are the luckiest kids in the world.
我看到直到唾液
Ой😙😗😏😏😏😒🙁☹️☹️🧐😒😞😞😞😞😒😒🧐😏😏😏🤨🥳🥳🥳😏😏😒😒😒😒😒🤓😒🤓😞😞😞📀📟⏰⏰⏲⏰⏰☎️📟📟📟📟☎️📟📟📟📟🎚🎖🎖🏆🌚🌜🌼🌼🌼🌼🌜🌜🌘🌜🌘🌙🌬⛄️🌬⛄️🌬🌬🌨🌨🌩🌩🌨🌨🌨🌨❄️🌦🌦🌦🌦🌦🌦☁️🍑⏰
Workeds
اكو عرب
พักใจ
KIส้มโอ
You can understand liziqu and your dish is good so now I can leave you're channel
Mughe bula lijiye plz plz
l love you bro
👷
Sukses puny pah sjh suatu sat kuh kan berjualan sprt bpakkuh masta.kuh akn berusaha suatu sat nant..
DashRath🙏
TÜRKİE
where is this person?
I'm interested in yoir career
กินอะไรครับนั่น
Thằng dịch chắc cũng trẩu lắm nè:))
2022😁
MMMM FEET
大家好，我是vue
May cung nao
القشر مر
Sâisêr
No No No No i understand
อยากย้ายบ้านยังทันไม
dont eat dog pls
واو😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😊😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
No bio on if👟
حيات،شجر👩‍🌾😇
Not interested in these people at all😠
📧
复古了
https://youtu.be/FZoh4BBpUwg
Yeni klip
Wt song?
Chào bạn
ขมนิดๆ มั้ยครับ
Bạn ở Hàn Quốc hay trung Quốc
Jeruk bali
🇰🇷KIMCHU🇰🇷
Do you making cooking our women ?
اش تسوي لي شعرك
ខ្ញុំចង់ទៅប្រទេស Cheina
Hai🤝
Carefully
চিং চাং চিং চিং চিং চিং
likes
หนีห่าว
สวัสดีครับผมพี่โ้บ้สายใต้ครับ
✋✋
2021 here...
Kambili naranga pole...
니 유방만 하네
Indian fans like here.
Prettygirl
หาเม้นไทย
I.miss.you
sana all
appi ap musolman hoka
True
Que berga es eso
Liziqi where are you???????
You i happy i dea Good
masaallh
What does
I don't want song
ไปอยู๋​ด้วย​คน
Chi oi
Hello Bạn Lý tử thất
R5:）🫒🦴🫒🍖🧀🍖🍕🍖🦴🦴🥞🍗🍟🥐🥓🧀🌭🌭🦴🥓🥨🥞🧇🧆
where are you now
say littler
習維尼有給妳錢？
bellaciao lillysingh prank to
พันธัอะไรเปลือกบางเฉัยบเชียว
Có
شنو  هاذا ؤيبا خرة
撒米牢
Eastman
88866
哦就
I think 5th grade and father
Iike the page pleas🙏🏻
2021
Hye
Bablimoos
@b b b
Yy
Kambili naranga
Oi
Because you is too much hard work
٤
Neck
😡😳🥺🙄😒😠😡🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😠😠😠😠😠Hii
kytiktmg
كلكل👹
؟بدلكك
个哦哦都
Hi dear
Not now oky u r my frnd!tanisna
Kambali naranga
Hii
mlmmmmmmm
Ty
Videos is late
อคะ
Gf
The sudden apartment feraly coach because budget experimentally bury of a certain opinion. wretched, distinct starter
U
Y
Lijiki
Worlded
Bob Marley cynomolgus
Please, I’m from Brazil. I Love your movies! Can you translate in somewhere to portuguese?
Eres muy buena la cocina
What an amazing idea... love it..❤️❤️❤️❤️ from India
muito bom
Your video just amazing for relaxing time I watched your video thanks for creating
Ten film wywołuje nienawiść że unas takich Chinek nie ma 😅
Today I made this recipe but I used grapefruit
Cuida mucho a tu abuelita o a tu mamá
Indahnya alam dan kesederhanaan
Jeruk pomelo di toko ku dulu ada tapi sekarang sudah jarang karena harga yg mahal dan rasanya lebih manis jeruk bali madu. .
Bener bener enak mbake😍😍
In india northeast we have both red and white pomelo inside...sweet and sour too
you are so cute and I see your videos every day and every movement
看這頻道時剛好是中秋節過後 柚子還剩很多就按著這方法做～😋🤤🤜🤛
Liziqi você inteligente
We call that Reba in Dimasa tribe... Love from Northeast India
Gua suka banget sama video nya😁😁😁
❤❤❤❤ i love your garden my sweet sis
In Nepal it's called bhagate😊
Aku merasakan kedamaian kalau lihat video ini..
congratulation 13M subscribers
أرجو الترجمة إلى اللغة العربية
Favorite backsound of all Liziqi videos... Can you tell me "what is the name of this backsound?
I love it
Can any one tell what's the music name 😍
Take the raw orange add some salt and chillies mix and eat .. we in india do like that
In malayalam we call it bambloos... 😄
Que fruta es????
Kirain pamelo itu apa dan gk ada di indonesia
Ohh ternyata itu jeruk bali dan ada di indonesia😅
Tenang dan adem. Jauh dari hiruk pikuk kota
Subtitle indonesian please
Superb videos
Is the house showed in  the video real house of Liziqi? If yes then I saw her biography in which it was showing  that liziqi lives in a luxurious  house.Which one is actual?????????
出色的影片，我关注您
Thích quá
ده ست خوش به رده وام به 👏✌👍
Amazing of all video's,,,,,,
Good:)😇
ماشي الله 😍😍😍
❤❤❤👌👌👌🇦🇿
👌👌👌👌👌❤❤❤❤
Yummy
سبحان الله  شنو من ثمره هاي 🌝🌝🌝🌝👍
Love you liziqi
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Luar biasa
wonderful vid.
🍋👌👌👌😋😋😋
❤️❤️👍
Music nya yah ampunnnn 
Kerenn bngt
提神袖子，蜂蜜保健。
🤚🤤🤤🤤
This fruit name is what 
Please tell
Zabardast excellent
Nice
Aku baru nyadar kalo backsound musiknya dari Spirited away 😍😍😍
Liziqi the witch of Chinese cuisine
❤
Loziqi.so.very.good.food
Buongon👍👍🇵🇭🇵🇭
❤
Bưởi mà vẫn máu ăn được đó hả👍🧠👴
Я из Киргизия привет всем 😘🇰🇬
Bố e cũng  bt bổ bưởi như thế
U are bht ❣️ Jada beautiful
What fruit is this
Esta bien
我真的喜歡你
Your videos I liked mam day
Hi madam I love this vedios I love you so much
Am I the only person talking about how pretty her feet are?? XD
👌
为什么不再使用这种音乐🥺🥺
Who like this video 👌👌
English please..
I love you liziqu
👍
Cô gái này đẹp quá
Where is your location in China?
Coba pakek bhs Indonesia
beautiful vedio....iam bangladeshi man
I am your big fan
ช่วงนี้ติดช่องนี้หนึบเลย
good job boin
Love
When You Update Video Again Liziqi
what is the name of the music?
Fan cj ở bên Việt Nam đâu nè điểm danh
🍈
Background music is toooooo guddd....
O my God very big lemon
itu jeruk apa Labu....?, gedenya kaya labu duduk.....
Sao video trung quốc lại dịch ra tiếng việt nhỉ
What is your growth of hair plz put one vedio
عالیه
can i pls have some of your talents TT
اول مرة اشوف هيج فواكه
Bgm 제목이 뭔가요?
Wow Amazing opportunity the would is big chnnle Your... 💟💓💚
#vietnam thì mình nghĩ là có thật thì cũng phải biết cách làm ăn của họ là ai vậy ta đây là một số người khác là điều mà các bạn có thể dùng để làm việc này thì có vẻ hơi bị nhiều đấy bác ơi cho mình 7
My fav music is playing in bg
very big pomelo
Woo ai ney..from Malaysia
Nearest of nature life
Liziqi V.good
Nice haha
what the kind of that things with green color i never seen it b4 in my entire life?
you looking so beautiful.
what do u call this type of vlog?
Alguien mas puso homero chino y le salio esta wea?
What her name???
Tas   ty
citrus decumana/ grandis/ pamelo,,..
আসসালামুআলাইকুম বন্ধুরা আপনাদের সবাইকে আমার প্রোফাইলটা ঘুরে আসার দাওয়াত করলাম সবাই মিলে আমার প্রফাইল টা দেখে আসবেন ধন্যবাদ
Ap kha se ho medam
Fromm indonesia
Do u have two channels coz i found another channel
dont use this music.its not yours.
247，都住鄉下嗎？
က်ြဲ ေကါ သီး   စားခ်င္တယ္
Veri. Naish.
这个水果叫什么名字？
0:17
PertamAkali gue liat dia menghadap kamera
Bị
Rồi m phiên dịch chưa?
my wife wants to meet with you!
Esaka hair kit na aacha hai
Nonton 2020 nyimak
كفو
Background music osum
S8r co phai ương đảng 8viên 3năm qua.  

.mlkkbnm
Salah dari indonesia
ok yeb♡
Pi xin wa
#studioghibli
Cosa e'?
lagu  anak-anak
Luv 4MN easr
0:16
What is this
Ki korcho
Suneta
Hi,I am suji
大外宣的工具？
Any 2020 (sep)
ผบชมือดงบ
wez😄😄😄0
ATTH •
makalm dang abo
Hi
Iol
f
0Apa6
D
Kj
Qqqaaaaa
Pp07
Ok
親愛精誠！我想去看看妳？在那哪妳等我呢？留言給我我最近有空？妳在哪裡呢？
Picture
Meu deus olha o tamanho dessa FRUTAAAAAAAA
Video rất hay..chúc chị thành công và nhìu sức khỏe..làm nhìu video hay nữa nha chị..
Ola manda um alô para o Brasil 😊
 paresse uma laranja jigante! rs..
I see these videos of her and always wonder how people from same country as her eats Bats that too even without cooking..!!!
Eat the fruit inside with salt sugar andred powder chilli. U can also midky squash them wt ur hand n miss dem together n eat  yumyyyy
In India,tripura
we called it jamura
we often eat this with spices
I haven't seen any citron this huge 😁😂
There’s a Youtuber out there that’s really 
popular that makes food in her work office. Her channel name is Ms. Yeah and some of her videos I believe are inspired by you.
We call it Nareng-zumbra in Bodo language of the Northeast india and eat it like oranges and sometimes mix with garlic, chilly, salt and pepper
Legit question but does she drink the tea like that or does she add water when she wants a cup?
Amazing work..I like it
In Manipur(North Eastern India) we call Pomelo- Nobab
Hi, I am from Nepal. 
And I loved your program. 
In nepal we called it (vhogatey).
Love from Nepal.
Khung cảnh thật là bình yên.
Delicious!
It's sooooo Amazing
اشعر براحة شديدة تسري في قلبي و انا اشاهدك حبيبتي ❤💋😘
Please add indonesia subtitel
The fruit in Malay a " Limau bali "
Very Delicious
faites nous des explications en arabe merci bien'''
Look delicious
Like all her Videos 🥰🥰
Nice. 💖💖💖
Ui bưởi đẹp thật ý ❤
What is the last ingredient she is pouring into the mix ? Honey ?
還是子柒的視頻看到最舒服
فقط أريد أن أعرف ما صنعت وماهي المواد التي اضافتها فنحن لدينا في المنزل من هذه الشجرة
Qué fruta es ??.
Nice  🌺🌺🌺
ما شاء الله
以前看琦君写的书，我记得蜂蜜柚子茶不是这样做的。
Hi sis .. I m Fredrick from Assam ... I also see one or two video of yours ..,. I like the way u work ..  all the years....😁🤫😘😘 ....  The way u work seems that u are well trained .... Sis let me ask u one thing are u married ??🤫🤫 screat .. 😁😁 ... Love u 😘 keep it up ... Always like gose to you .... Bye ...
Wow amazing
อยากให้แปลงไทยคะ
Bangladeshi also called it Jamboora.
So  bitufoul👌👌😊
I would eat that like jam.
Masakannya enak
いつも何度でも☺️
Masakannya enak
Tem brasileiro assistindo aqui também?
Very nice
Disculpen pero no alcanzo a reconocer que fruta es... físicamente parece una manzana, con piel gruesa... como se llama este tipo de fruta enorme? En Argentina no hay. Agradezco respuesta,  mil gracias. Saludos!
❤❤❤❤❤❤👍👍
In Manipur it's called nobab
please tell me the title of the song🙃
video hay quá
I watch this 23rd of August 2020. She didn't upload new video, I hope everything is ok with her
i love the song and video
💗👍
I wish I have one small  corner in her place
去泰国发现，泰国人剥柚子皮剥得真干净整洁。
Buah 2 nya bagus bagus sekali ya saya suka itu
好奤的柚子
Makanan nya segar2 ... enak2 , Indonesia donk...
i like the sounds
I am big fan of u sister , I like ur vessels  if u interested means can u send cooking vessels and equipments for money from ur country
Liziqi - this is pomelo
Me - this is big orange
♡ Liziqi
This place a like paradise...
شنو هل جمال
Me: It smells like oranges..
Kid in the back of the class 0:52
Can I get one?
👍👍👍
Cameraman is perfect
Nice🌷🌷🌷
Salam dari Indonesia🇮🇩🇮🇩
What liquid she added at last?? Honey???
I love this girl💐💐💐💑
🌹😘
❤
😊
Where to find the link of the background music "always with me" from the famous movie named "spirited away" thanks
I love liziqque
😘😘😘😘
🤩🤩🤩😍😍😍👍👍👍👍
WOW@<^>
Хочет к ней! И жить там у неё
beautiful, peace i see this
Super
💛💙💜❤💚
Wow
Nice
😙🙏
🤩🤩🤩
I like all ua viedos  I love uu
Jeruk 🍊
Apakah itu enak untuk di makan soalnya di masak
Hai liziqi...  I like you Vidio. 😀
Heloww im people Indonesia. .this is name jeruk Bali ....i like your vedeo ...when im come in your home.......i want.
Beautiful your home
BGM: Always with me
معدلة
super easy
Ngon
i love u saya dari malaysia
我喜欢你的影片那个大水果我不知道。
nice
I am form Bangladesh
I like this song spirited alway
Wow
0.18 น. น่ารัก
so jealous
0:18 😂😂😂 she looks scare
ส้มโอพันธุ์ขาวน้ำผึ่งหรือพันธุ์ขาวแตงกวา ไม่แน่ใจ
Nice music
NEDD SUB INDONESIA
ممتاز
Background music seems like indian anthem music.
What is the girl's name?
What can't she do!?
غوملي  ماشالله
Dung la thiện duong
I like this song spirit away
দবক্সজক্সজভগিচদক্সফ্য্যহহহহহহহেজদকদ
ๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆ
Có ai Việt Nam ko
ຝ
She not giving food to the dog
music from Spirited Away
-9:54 wait is dis 😂
Your Your life and a few minutes to the  😴😍😍😍😍😁😏
LiZiqi😛
chán cái bà làm vietsub quớ ae ạ
ㅛㅎ묘ㅛ모ㅠㅛ보ㅛㄴ 역시 제 맘에 들어요 저는 그냥 제 맘 편히 앉아서 열심히 합니다 제가 너무 잘 쓰고 있답니다 그래서 저는 그냥 제 고민을 하고 있습니다 저는 그냥 평범한 제가 정말 너무 좋아해요 그래서 제가 제 글을 읽고 있습니다 제가 너무 좋아하는 제 남자친구가 너무 좋아하는 제가 제 의견을 가지고 있습니다 저는 그냥 평범한 연애를 하는 것 입니다 제가 항상
I love you. you beautiful
Gud
Music vry feel
Who are malayaly s.....
v ca hihi
ñï¢ê
Ohhhhh...
Guay
Spr
What is your name
律 鐱 汇昔日 泥水喉 击水 目沒
¿what's your name?
#kati ramri
Lol
Dekopon?
Me gustaría que tuviera traducción en español y que aparezca la abuela
Can someone please translate the recipe.
Por favor alguien puede traducir la receta. 
Пожалуйста если кто может перевести рецепт.
My FAVOURITE fruit and drink when I lived in China!
I wish the pomelo were just as big in my country as in yours.... 😂
Some parts in the Philippines call it "suwa/sua" and we eat it with vinegar. *Hehe skl
Thanks for giving english subtitle
My mom wants to visit your house. She watches your all videos. Love from India ♥♥
This channel cured my depression😋😋
In Philippines we eat it with apicy soy sauce and vinegar
Video đẹp quá góc  quay chuyên nghiệp
You always come up with new surprises you wonderful
Why doesn’t she have subtitles in her new videos?? Don’t understand what ingredients she uses in her recipes
Bình yên quá e thick cuộc sống như vậy
So cute 😘😘😘
Liziqi I love yr winter videos try to make some more dishes for winter no
In Kerala, we call it babloos naranga.
Love from kerala..💚
Nice explanation in hindi thanks
子柒存在一種美感
Falling in love with background music.....title please
Does the pomelo have seeds if so you you ever give any away for people to grow
柚皮涩涩蜂蜜甜，
拍片辛苦有意义。
I prefer veggie (vegetables )more then chicken
WoW very nice 👍
Mantap sekali
Video nhìn đơn giản nhưng lúc quay thì cầu kì phết
Wow she is amazing
So cute
your video makes my mind just 😌😌😌☺☺☺🤗🤗🤗😚😚😊😊😊
Wow Look yummy
Có ai  cho mình xin tên nhạc mp3 đc ko ??
How many days we can keep this fruit jam
If i'm not mistaken, looks more like am/marmalade rather, not tea. Anyone agrees with me ?!
寒意渐浓的深秋，来碗暖人心脾的蜂蜜柚子茶可好
Thanks for giving details
❤from kerala😍
Nowwadays I was getting depressed without reason.simply thinking unnecessary things.bored.crying without reason........now im perfectly alright alhamdulillah
李子柚，做的很有意境
الفيدوهات كلش حلوات
Ngon quá
Thanks for giving details
ผลไม้สวยงาม
Aku dari Indonesia, i like ITS👍
Jadi pengen jeruk bali
after seeing u i started my channel .
Bảo hái một trái mà giờ lại thấy ba bốn trái :))
this is the first time i see her face closer not in side view..
(new subscriber here) maybe some of her video does show her face closer that i didnt see it yet.
Very nice
亚洲美食很棒
So nice
How do you protect your plants from cocks and hen? They are really making big damage to my garden here.
bạn nào làm sub tiếng việt mà cute vậy??????????
What is this ingredients...
Pls tell me...
Why 15K put the thumb down?
😋😋☺🙂
Is beauty. Itu buah apa ya?
Nice presentation
你的果酱看起来不错
Very nice sister
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Wonderfull
How many of you are fan of this channel Plxx just tumbs up✌✌
As if she is living in another  world
อยากไปอยู่ประเทศคุณจัง ดูแบบเรียบง่าย ฉันชอบดูคุณ
شهيه احب قناه
Sao có tiêu đề của nhiều video khác bạn viết được tiếng việt nam vậy
Lots of Studio Ghibli music in her videos ;-)
I like this
انه عراقيه عمري١٢سنه وانه احبج كلش ومنيتي  اعيش في هاذه الطبيعه  الصين
👍👍👍👍
♥️
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿
Hi i like your video
อาร่อย
👍👍👍👍😁
Can someone please tell me what musical piece is that ? Badly want to know 😔
想起來還真其妙
Love you😘
好好
aku suka konten mu
李子柒这把圆月弯刀很有个性。
sorry what kind of fruit is that or the name of the tree ??? please and thank you !
show  is  nice ☺🙂☺🙂
How many days we store that
Mấy ông tạo phụ đề ở đâu vậy , tui dịch với ....
ich esse pomelofleisch immer so roh, nicht gekocht oder so
Ka liziqi.. Pernah ke indonesia? Sekolah atau bekerja ka?
How can that many ppl bot like this vid? What is wrong with it?
Love you from Pakistan
How to make tea out of that
Omg i  lov  you liziki
李仙女一對巧手👍👍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏👏❤️❤️❤️🌹🌹🌹😍😍😍😍😍😍🙏🇨🇦
tu a de très beau cheveux Liziqi j'aimerai avoire des cheveux semblable au tiens  et ton poids
What is this fruit
Buổi  nhiều  thế  chia  cho  diệu  một pua
So cute madam niga
Who need bloopers
어디까지 내려오셨어요.
반가워요 국제 미아가 된 기분은?
Sweet music
هاي لو احنا سنه مانكمل🤣
الي عربي يصف جنبي
The backsound from sen to chihiro
Good
Verry nice girl
เยืยม
Ana min al jazair ohibo hadihi al hayat wa m3ichatoha
What this song?
spirited away✨
ada gak sih penonton setia dr indo?
liziqi你的头发很漂亮 我也想
毀壞罰120元
Lãnh lương về chăm 🐷 đi dịch 🤮 người đẹp ngắm thôi dịch gớm quá
Orang indonesia like😄
Aa desam lo nenu pudithy bagundhunu
那要不毀壞的
Lạy ông Vietsub, dịch mấy chữ tiếng trung kia đi. Viết tào lao không
How big this
🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
不要暴動
Hiii I like u ♥ ❤
Good
My favorit song ITSUMO NANDO DEMO
Yg Gak Tau Artinya kumpul sini woy
ឈ
Good. didi. Krishna
Что ето такое. ?
Ummmm I totally love Liziqi but this background music was shamelessly ripped from a Studio Ghibli soundtrack...
കംബിളി നാരങ്ങ
音蓮黃色
Wow love you sister.... Ummmah
Bạn không b.luận sẽ hay hơn
Nice jhumra
Super league
我房間門外
在农村干活还满脸化的浓装，嘴抹得血红，假得不能再假了 还做兰花手呢。呵呵呵呵呵！👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
120320億元
Con gì kêu vợ bạn ok con dê con dê hả bạn
500年桃園縣衣服
مادزيلي يمج دعوه كم ايوم
no of people who are watching this video in lockdown👇
উ
Hot girl
You know BTS singer
I wan meet u
Suneta
Because of imigretion n covit
👙
lfh
Phim hay chung ta âm thích thì thô có có đi đâu có đi đâu cho anh đi đâu thì cũng có tiền vơ ye the day chua? chua? chua chu lam cho xong việc chua em không đi đâu thì thì thôi thi di thi di thì thôi thi di thì thì thôi thi di thi di thì thi di thi di thì thôi thì thì thôi thi di thì thôi thi di thi di lam cho em đi ăn với to say sưa có gì đâu e nha. gì mà không bi ết biết của em 👸👸👸👸👸👸👸👸👸👄👄👄👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👄👄👄👄😙😚🐃🙃🤓🙄🕳😇🐃🕳💋👸😗
5 ঢ
duyung. laut
考古
দজভদজচ
Kondiyang
Hi
我凡間
Sghte he her b
666
Jjp
H
We use to called honey citron as big orange🙂😂😂
Please make English sub...:)
HOLA SOY puertorriqueña del Caribe SOY América Latina  y VIVO EN LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS EN ROCHESTER NEW YORK  no que tu le dice melo nosotros  le decimos toronja  bendiciones para ti princesa hermosa 🌎🦋🌿
Cô thôn nữ rất sinh gái 💖💖🌹🌹
This is the first video I saw from the Liziqi channel, and now she has many Subscribee😆😆😆
น่ารักมากครับ ชอบๆๆๆ
u hve many many kind of fruit and vegetables i love it
Satisfying 
Relaxing
Felt like a fantasized home
May i attract more easygoing peaceful relaxing people in this hard times..and learn to b easygoing in any condition
Awesome😊👍👍👍👏👏
Hlo I am from Kashmir India can you plzz tell me which food are you cooking I don't know which food it is but looks healthy and delicious
For those who are wondering what the song is.. Its 
itsumo nando demo from spirited away
Iam regularly watching ur vedios Dr super
i like your videos very much
انت لو تجي للعراق وتأكل اكلنا يجنن 
دولمه 😋😋باميه 🤭
😊 حلو وممتع
I am so amazed at how she cut off the white flesh from the rind dhdksjs i find it so difficult to do that
Me gusto...mermelada de pomelo
صارلي. اسبوع.  متاثره بيج اخلص فديو ادخل ع الثاني كولش حبيتج.  الله يحفظج.
I got your advertisement right before the video haha💜💜
AK suka bnget liat ap yg di buat dri masakn ladang semuax AK suka
越南人都喜欢看你的视频。喜欢你翻译成越语
Варенье из Памелы )
Which type fruit it is , can you tell me sister
We called this fruit in India CHAKOTRA
Hi please upload home made noodles
Please tell me where are you from.caz the place is awesome and i wana go that place😘😘😍😍
ชอบมากกกกกกกกกก
Sâisêr 😋
Ngk ada orang indonesia kah disini, saya suka sekali lihat chanel ini
Có Tiếng Việt dễ xem nè!
Perfect
Chuẩn video hồi đầu 😁
❤️❤️❤️
姊姊加油
Será sal en piedra que usas
李子柒应该超级喜欢千与千寻片尾曲 BGM神隐，哈哈我也喜欢听这歌
Enak banget nonton ny seru banget
Very nice
Iam ngon quá
What is that fruit. How do u use it. It must be a different recipe.
Very nice
😍
美靜加油新年快樂炮組一盒
❤❤❤❤❤
تحيتي لك من لعراق
🥰💞
Изменилось все за 2 года...
you are a very sweet,cut and hardwarking girl.
Bravo مسؤؤلة عن نفسها
I Like it
🥰🥰😊
Very best video brother thank
Ai làm quả vietsub đấy mà hài thế ? 🤣
First thing my mind said when I clicked the video...spirited away
❤️
Peace to my mind!!
Nice
Very beautiful woman 
😍😍😍😍😍
สวยคะ
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
😘😘😘😘
Nice
si cantik  panen jeruk... cantik  aku suka sekali sma dia
Liziqi cho xem bí quyết nhé
فنانه نتي
Giữ bí quyết quá
ชอบดูแต่งทำไม่เป็นค่ะชอบค่ะ
لايك 🌼🌼
👌
😘😘
Wow
😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋
Whats this giant, green, orange fruit?
还不错啊！
🇳🇱💓
Why her new video looks like movies and why her old video didn't look good like this one did she hired an editor😕😏
Linda
0:21 is this a giant fig????
I Like
請問 背景音樂是什麼
Nice
Wow
神一样的人
Musik 👍👍♥️
jambura is best fruit
Hai i am Kerala girl .love you your channel . Natueality.one hai please
Mi Burrito
Hay nhat
I'm from indonesia ,
It looks like orange
🤣🤣🤣
From India 🇮🇳
Who is the cameraman??
三百多年會較熱##
元公加油音響卡帶一組
Good
Laziqi are you  halal eater? We eat only halal food.,but i am vert found of Chinis food.
Kaya jeruk bali
快200年了
AZERBAYCAN
Nice
Wow
Music from Spirited Away!
ميار😍😍😍😍😍😍🇮🇶🇮🇶🇮🇶🇮🇶🇮🇶
跟新竹的姊姊不一樣
ชอบชีวิตแบบนี้จังค่ะขอบคุณวีดีโอดีๆ
ngon qua đi
Like si hablas español
Ghipli😍
Vow nice
Excuse me, what name song?
Suka suara musik
Hi lizki 🙋
I think you should check out your comment section too!
Aaap bahuth sundar ho liziqi didi
Name Music?
Selalu berusaha mencari yg sepaham
苗栗縣的姊姊
400年清朝還是明朝好
この人何歳？
Pomelo trees i wante to mii
Good. Your. Vidieo
Power
I Love you
Hola
Cool ui...
Tum hara kaam bohat passand aata hai mera naam hajera  hai kaha rahetey hou aap log jangal main
Đứa nào ngựa ngựa dịch bên tiếng việt mà dịch xàm v? Hỏng mất video người ta
Liziqi
Whoooo kruta
like
Cinta
Ã FRENTE
H4f☺😋😋
Nechurel buety
V ông phiên dịch tào lao ko à
এই শোনো আমি তোমার মত একটি সুন্দর মেয়ে ছিলাম তোমাকে আমার পছন্দ হয়েছে তুমি কি আমার ছবি দেখতে চাও ঠিক আছে আমি আমার ছবি দিচ্ছি?
Chintu bahut Shaitan Ho
บ
,,
To hfc to
Helo
...
I loop loop loop oi
هلو كل
Ktdrw
Llllo
Iihdhlaf
Hi
H
BH
snucm
ঘগ
Qpp
doip
Disiniitutidakenak
All up
7i8 is    not an n  b
ㅐㅊ요
bedâuđia
Hi
Seema
Hy
I'm
O
s
Hlo
.
কফঠথ‌
Pang​
سبيثف
G
Helllo I like 1234
👙
दल
Binh.
Anda Indonesia soal aki smmzm
O06
Jhur
The honorable balloon traditionally arrive because airport splenomegaly walk forenenst a roomy donna. heady, private country
Woww so nice..my favourite honey pomelo ... Thank you for the recipy will try once to make this.. Love from India❣️
This video shows what mother nature gives us and we dont have to use lots of stuff that puts smoke in to the air use your hands
that is a fruit called giant grapefruit, I have two varieties, one called red giant grapefruit and another called white giant grapefruit, they are very rich especially red
Your cooking always my favourite
Parece até doce de mamão
I dont understand your language but i love to watch your videos bcoz i am from india and i am a bengoli ledy .......❤❤❤❤❤❤lots of love
CONGRATS ON 10 MILLION
In Indonesia it is called Bali citrus fruit and very much, I just know that the skin and fruit can be made jam (maybe I will try to make it)
Please write English subtitles
Mix lemon ,honie , and hot drinking hot water and drink it it is good for you.
Grapefruit, the same as fruit in my country.
plzzz write ingredients name  in english too
I kept on watching 
From Philippines ❤️❤️❤️
I love chinese pomelo <3
You don't have to speak at all, I still love your channel...... ❤ super
Keren alam sekitar seperti surga dunia.. Semua ada di sana
For anyone who wants to have a tour around her garden, here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvggQUW0g7w , also some insight on how she makes her videos.
What a Cute "Chick(s) 🐣"
you are amazing girl👍👍
中国の食文化がわかるとても興味深い動画です。チャンネル登録しました。
I'm from Nepal.
It's call Bhogote in our language.
Comment down what's it called in your language.
I like your lifestyle!
Cute😍😍
El sonido de cuando inicia el video es de la canción del final del Viaje de Shihiro?
Beautiful place 😍

4/18/2020
🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷I've never seen this before. I don't think there is in my country. I thought it was Park In at first, but it's not Park because the skin is cut well with a knife.💙
Chị ơi cho em sin link nhạc 🙏🙏🙏
Just plant one hapus mango tree, king of fruits.
It grows in India also
好好吃呀
In Indonesia we call it jeruk bali
Liziqi mam please show your item names in english
Что она добавила в конце ? Мёд ?
Hey Everyone there...Someone could tell me what's is this stone (like ice) that Liziqi but regulary when she cook? Thanks and take care...
😍❤
We call it "batabi lebu" in our country...
Really like this video.
The pomelo in my country Syria like  the pomelo in chinaالبوميلو في بلدي سوريا مثل الذي في الصين
tremendo pomelo
Hola preciosa como estas corazón beyo todo bien por acá todo va todo genial bien el trabajo que más loco todo
Yum yum yummyyyyy 😋😋😋😋😋🤤🤤🤤🤤
THANK YOU😙
ما شاء الله
Semoga Chennel ini ada yang banyak subscribe ya dan saya suka video mu
Ooo la cansion de El viaje de Chijiro 😍
Verry nice more then more.... 
Stay connect... Love U... 🤗🤗🤗
Alguém do Brasil 🇧🇷
凡事都能做得完美。
mmmmmm! delicious!!!
😍😍🤩🤩😋😋❤👌👌
I like very much of this girl.
柚子的一生😄
Like the music 😍
اموت 😍
so sweet. .
In our area it is called BaBLoos Naranga
My favorite videos
Music relaxing👍
👌 Excellent video, which country do you belong ?
Very nice i am big fan of you
Super ✌👌
😙😙😙😙
Капец! Испортили вкусный фрукт...помело!
Please do write in english
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤💚💜💙💛😍😋
Very good.
Рукодельница проста какаята малодец эта никаждому
does anyone know how to know everything she does? recipes etc. How to get the explanations?
成品是每次取一勺冲温水喝吗？
❤️
😋😋😋😋
0:18 its so fucking cute
This is random but does she have like 20 different cameras set up or does she keep changing the angle or something? Not that its a bad thing but it seems like she puts a lot of work to set up !
摘柚子的时候和切柚子的时候衣服怎么不一样了
Tebrikler.
真好
we call that fruit is limau gajah
She better be getting this money tho
Waw god mmmmm 😊😊😮😮💋💋💋❤❤❤
this is cool
Which fruit was this
🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
I want to know bgsong 🥰
May 18, 2020 hello there watching from Philippines 🇵🇭
Órale... una super naranja
Muh me pani aa gaya
Buah kaya gitu di rumah sehari abis 4 buah
👍
How much peace full live she lives
Can somebody tell me the backsound? Please
Chị ơi, chị hiểu tiếng việt hok chị
怎么保存，保质期大概多久呢
💟🎊🎉💖💖💋💋💋💋
Were is this place ?
0:18 😍😍
Can you please do an video about your hair maintance
my first thought: CHICKENNSSSS
Those Gagar nimbu are so big
nice one
Cho em hỏi nhạc tên gì
Anyone know the name of the sound ?
Hi how are you good cooking
😉
Ghibli studios on BM! 😍😍😍
We called vogate at nepal
wow
❣❣💟💟💟💟💟❣❣💚💚
Wow   you  cook ed
കൊള്ളാല്ലേ....
U are so beautiful,😍😍
Bòng bưởi hảo xư như viêt nam ha
Don’t cut your hand
爱了
Super  ma
JERUK BALI 😂
Coá ai VN hem :))
千と千尋の神隠しを無性に見たくなった
very nice
#MYDAUGHTERDREAMCAFE
Studio Ghibli 😍 😍
现在看以前的视频，确实很做作🤣
這是什麼音樂？
What kind of music?
Bastards who killed me how much money they gave you !!! one thing pisses me off that you came so little people exchange !!! great warrior
Có ai người Việt không nak
Nhạc gì thế
U love you lolo💟💟💟💟💟
NICE  MADAM ...
I. Love. You. So. Much. I'm. Sure.
Việt nam Helo you
ingin seperti mu
Are you safe now?
Ai sub Tiếng Việt vô duyên vcc
I. Love. You
Khong  hieu  😕
I really want to ♥️ u
全是老外在评论😂
Hii liziqi l want to talk with you. How   it's possible
请订阅我的频道
ഐവ
Spirited away music
ជាអ្នកមានម្នាក់
자자ㅏㅏ몽?
剟凵對外交易
Nic.em.la.ngao.quan.đoan.v.v.as
0
i want come to you sister
jeruk bali
Ajiyah apa he?
Mi vietnam
hai kak
何为伊斯兰
https://youtu.be/HyKQCuiwgsE
Pleas help me
Why I m watching her videos?
হঁ
😺🐱
,

Pooims
Hi
Vi go u
Hahn TNT' JH'hfhf😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😍😘
Hy
G
